(applies to home products only. does not apply to readynas storage products)	If your product does not have a serial number, it has been refurbished. The serial number is not required to register your product. Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Register%20a%20refurbished%20product) with:	1
(applies to home products only. does not apply to readynas storage products)	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
(applies to home products only. does not apply to readynas storage products)	DDR3 non-buffered ECC DIMM, see compatible memory type here	0
(applies to home products only. does not apply to readynas storage products)	a. Enable the HTTPS under Web Security/ Policy.	0
(applies to home products only. does not apply to readynas storage products)	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	0
(applies to home products only. does not apply to readynas storage products)	Yes, the XAVB5101 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
  are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	1
  are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	Yes. R6300 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
  are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	R6300 Wi-Fi router is backward compatible with 802.11 a/b/g and n, so will work with the current Wi-Fi devices in your home, if you have a laptop with 802.11n Wi-Fi it will connect at 802.11n speeds with the 802.11ac R6300 router. To take advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	0
  are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	It means the devices failed to start properly or poor WiFi link quality.	0
  are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
  are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
  what is malware?	a. “Malware”, short for malicious software, is an umbrella term that refers to any software program deliberately created to perform an unauthorized and often harmful action. It is a simple combination of two words created to allow people to talk about viruses and all other forms of malicious software in a general manner.	1
  what is malware?	No. There is no option on the GTV100 to update its flash player version.	0
  what is malware?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
  what is malware?	"If after repositioning the WN3100RP, one of the Arrow LED is still blinking, then it means you did not succeed to position the Extender in an ""ideal"" location where it would give the best performance."	0
  what is malware?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
  what is malware?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
  what's new in r6220?	The R6220 adopts the latest 11ac chipsets, a USB 2.0 port and 128MB Flash / 128MB memory for future software feature expansion.	1
  what's new in r6220?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
  what's new in r6220?	* For each XAVB6504 device, press its Security button for 1.5, 5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
  what's new in r6220?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using 2 options:	0
  what's new in r6220?	Only one: non-stop switching and hitless failover. M6100 series “distributed fabric” provides both Fabric and Management redundancy with non-stop switching and hitless failover. There is no fastidious configuration: Slot-1 is the Supervisor slot, and Slot-2 is the Back-up Supervisor slot (secondary). By default, the Back-up Supervisor slot (Slot-2) provides continuous stand-by mode within the distributed fabric. In case of a failure for the Supervisory blade in Slot-1, the Back-up Supervisor in Slot-2 is instantly taking over as the new Supervisor. Non-stop forwarding feature offers hitless failover for Slot-2 and Slot-3 switching and routing in that case.	0
  what's new in r6220?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
 why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	1
 why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	A6200 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6200 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6200 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6200 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
 why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDRMAC firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can't use those channels.	0
 why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	NETGEAR recommends a maximum of 300 feet of cable between the root node and the coax outlet.	0
 why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
 why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	* PV(R)STP (CLI only)	0
10.  how do i get the latest firmware?	During the installation of the Web genie, the R6220 will check the update server for the latest firmware and will automatically install any updates available. In addition, the GUI also supports auto-firmware upgrade. The R6220 will check for the latest firmware available every time the GUI is accessed.	1
10.  how do i get the latest firmware?	The EVA8000 can access your PC, Mac, Linux or NAS servers directly. The EVA8000 doesn't require ANY UPnP server (except for DRM content) and we recommend that you do not use UPnP, since this will be slower and make several features not work as well.	0
10.  how do i get the latest firmware?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
10.  how do i get the latest firmware?	Yes, the WNR2000v4 supports WPS. You can use the hardware button located in front or use the WPS using the wizard on the NETGEAR genie.	0
10.  how do i get the latest firmware?	In the event you need to change you Smart Cradle’s WIFI network name (SSID) or network key (password), you can do this through your web browser. Simply launch a web browser from a computer or wireless device that is connected to the Smart Cradle.	0
10.  how do i get the latest firmware?	The message is popping up due to an error in how the AT&T Unite Pro (AC781S) is recognizing the cradle. Simply dismiss the message and the device will work exactly as you expect.	0
10.  how should i ensure any of the current applications continue to work after installing the stmxxx?	a. Identify the services you need to ensure to function even after STMxxx installed.	1
10.  how should i ensure any of the current applications continue to work after installing the stmxxx?	ReadySHARE Music lets you play music from your computer on a remote audio speaker, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system.	0
10.  how should i ensure any of the current applications continue to work after installing the stmxxx?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
10.  how should i ensure any of the current applications continue to work after installing the stmxxx?	Multi PVC talks about triple play deployment of ADSL2+, VOIP and IPTV. Our home gateways does not support IPTV yet.	0
10.  how should i ensure any of the current applications continue to work after installing the stmxxx?	The XAV101 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrades. Connect your PC to one of the XAV101 devices and run the XAV101 Configuration utility. You can upgrade all of the XAV101 devices in you home through the device.	0
10.  how should i ensure any of the current applications continue to work after installing the stmxxx?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
11.  there are few hosts which do not need stmxx services, is there a way to bypass the traffic bound for these hosts?	a. Yes, you can add scanning exclusions. You can add rule by Client, Destination and port combination under Global Settings/Scanning Exclusions	1
11.  there are few hosts which do not need stmxx services, is there a way to bypass the traffic bound for these hosts?	When you upgrade your ReadyCLOUD account, your users automatically migrate to your MyNETGEAR.com account.	0
11.  there are few hosts which do not need stmxx services, is there a way to bypass the traffic bound for these hosts?	* Please make sure the connected PC/NB or mobile phone is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
11.  there are few hosts which do not need stmxx services, is there a way to bypass the traffic bound for these hosts?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	0
11.  there are few hosts which do not need stmxx services, is there a way to bypass the traffic bound for these hosts?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using 2 options:	0
11.  there are few hosts which do not need stmxx services, is there a way to bypass the traffic bound for these hosts?	[How can I setup my ReadyNAS for FTP access over the Internet?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21480)	0
11.  why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	1
11.  why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	Yes. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can be used to connect the Extender to your existing router or connect your PC to the Extender. To use WPS to connect the extender to your router or your PC, first, press EX2700’s WPS button. Within 2 minutes, press your router or your PC’s WPS button.	0
11.  why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	No, ASP150W cannot be used in other M4300 models.	0
11.  why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	* [PTVU1000_FAQ.pdf ](https://www.downloads.netgear.com/files/answer_media/rn_assets/PTVU1000_FAQ.pdf) (367.36 KB)	0
11.  why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	 The SSID and the wireless password is printed on the back or bottom of the router.	0
11.  why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR3800 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
12.  can i use stmxxx to set policy to restrict access to certain type of websites?	a. Absolutely. You can enable this service for both HTTP and HTTPS web sites.	1
12.  can i use stmxxx to set policy to restrict access to certain type of websites?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
12.  can i use stmxxx to set policy to restrict access to certain type of websites?	1. Check if an update is available from the Internet.	0
12.  can i use stmxxx to set policy to restrict access to certain type of websites?	Yes, the GS316 supports Port Auto-Negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	0
12.  can i use stmxxx to set policy to restrict access to certain type of websites?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
12.  can i use stmxxx to set policy to restrict access to certain type of websites?	Yes, the XAV5001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
13.  is there a way to report errors url categorization?	a. Yes, there is option under Web Security page in STM150	1
13.  is there a way to report errors url categorization?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
13.  is there a way to report errors url categorization?	Because the M6100 series is designed upon an innovative “distributed fabric” which removes the need for a dedicated supervisory module, while providing a passive backplane, redundant fabric and redundant management – all with non-stop forwarding world-class resiliency and availability. As a result, all four M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) are equipped with dedicated hardware and software high-end distributed fabric on board. When inserted in Slot 1, any I/O blade will handle the Supervisory Role. When inserted in Slot 2, any I/O blade will handle the Back-up Supervisory role. It brings simplicity for management and maintenance or upgrades, while providing better availability and resiliency than any competitive solution in this price range.	0
13.  is there a way to report errors url categorization?	a. Absolutely. You can enable this service for both HTTP and HTTPS web sites.	0
13.  is there a way to report errors url categorization?	* For wireless networks, make sure that the Wireless Network Name (SSID) and security settings of the Digital Entertainer HD and media server match exactly.	0
13.  is there a way to report errors url categorization?	* The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If the power LED lights amber and blinks, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
14.  even though i trust the web sites , i still like to also use https service	a. Enable the HTTPS under Web Security/ Policy.	1
14.  even though i trust the web sites , i still like to also use https service	This is a ProSAFE 8-port 10-Gigabit Ethernet Web Managed Switch. It supports eight 100/1000/10000 Mbps RJ45 ports with one combo port supporting 10 Gigabit SFP+ fiber.	0
14.  even though i trust the web sites , i still like to also use https service	To get the fastest performance with port aggregation, for wired connections use Ethernet port 3 for the first computer, and use Ethernet port 4, 5, or 6 for the second computer. This will allow for speeds up to 2 Gbps with port aggregation. The maximum speed between 4, 5, and 6 is limited to 1Gbps.	0
14.  even though i trust the web sites , i still like to also use https service	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
14.  even though i trust the web sites , i still like to also use https service	The R6400 has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
14.  even though i trust the web sites , i still like to also use https service	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3800B at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
15. how do i configure the stm to log the sites which ldap users on the network visit?	In Web Security > HTTP & HTTPS > URL Filtering, block all URLs while allowing the user login link to be on the resulting page.	1
15. how do i configure the stm to log the sites which ldap users on the network visit?	Only the following third-party modules are compatible with M6100 Chassis Switch:	0
15. how do i configure the stm to log the sites which ldap users on the network visit?	The factory reset button is located next to the Ethernet port of the CMD31T. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 5-10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
15. how do i configure the stm to log the sites which ldap users on the network visit?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	0
15. how do i configure the stm to log the sites which ldap users on the network visit?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
15. how do i configure the stm to log the sites which ldap users on the network visit?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
16.  how do i filter by ldap (active directory) or radius group?	In User Management > Authentications, enter the correct LDAP or RADIUS settings.	1
16.  how do i filter by ldap (active directory) or radius group?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	0
16.  how do i filter by ldap (active directory) or radius group?	R7500 support maximum backup file size up to 500GB now.	0
16.  how do i filter by ldap (active directory) or radius group?	A factory reset can be done by holding the hardware reset button for over 2 seconds or alternatively using the software “Factory Reset” button via Netgear Genie or via WebGUI.	0
16.  how do i filter by ldap (active directory) or radius group?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
16.  how do i filter by ldap (active directory) or radius group?	Currently, the WDS/Repeater mode feature can only be supported without security. Therefore, we have removed this feature from the R8000.	0
  does r6220 smart wifi router supports beamforming technology?	The R6220 supports the WiFi Beamforming technology on 5GHz(11ac) band.	1
  does r6220 smart wifi router supports beamforming technology?	The C6300 USB 2.0 port supports 700 mA of power. Connecting USB HDD to the USB 2.0 port that requires more than 700 mA of power will require an external power supply.	0
  does r6220 smart wifi router supports beamforming technology?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
  does r6220 smart wifi router supports beamforming technology?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
  does r6220 smart wifi router supports beamforming technology?	"Due to the implementation of the dynamic QoS feature on v1.0.2.44 and higher, the ""Edit"" option is now moved under ""Attached Devices"" option under the Basic tab. You can edit your devices there.."	0
  does r6220 smart wifi router supports beamforming technology?	 WPA-PSK (TKIP) has been removed by the Wi-Fi Alliance so on the new firmware, it may be not be there anymore.	0
  is there a software limit on the number of users that can use a netgear prosecure appliance?	a. No, there are no hard limits for any of the NETGEAR ProSECURE security appliances. The suggested user counts are conservative recommendations based on the specific throughput, connection handling, email handling, and client handling specifications of each individual appliance. For more information on appliance sizing for your application see THIS LINK.	1
  is there a software limit on the number of users that can use a netgear prosecure appliance?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV5001 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
  is there a software limit on the number of users that can use a netgear prosecure appliance?	When a license is purchased, it can be in one of three forms:	0
  is there a software limit on the number of users that can use a netgear prosecure appliance?	Currently, the WDS/Repeater mode feature can only be supported without security. Therefore, we have removed this feature from the R8000.	0
  is there a software limit on the number of users that can use a netgear prosecure appliance?	No. XAVB2001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
  is there a software limit on the number of users that can use a netgear prosecure appliance?	We encourage you to renew your license on time to avoid any backdating penalty and take advantage of existing and new features.	0
 how do i get the latest firmware update?	You can go to router GUI page. If there’s new firmware, it will automatic show up on the top of the GUI page. You can upgrade it by click “A router firmware upgrade is available” button on the GUI page.	1
 how do i get the latest firmware update?	WNDA3100v2 supports both 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless signal. The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
 how do i get the latest firmware update?	Use your TV remote control to adjust your sound levels.	0
 how do i get the latest firmware update?	A switch running PV(R)STP can communicate with a switch running IEEE standard spanning tree protocol.	0
 how do i get the latest firmware update?	When browsing a song, the UI shows a different length compared to what is shown on the Now Playing screen. This is due to the audio browser showing the song length that was read from the audio file's ID3 tag data. The Now Playing screen actually calculates the duration of the song.	0
 how do i get the latest firmware update?	A wireless range extender increases the distance of a WiFi network by repeating the WiFi signal and enhancing the overall signal quality over long distances. A WiFi range extender repeats the signals from a network's base WiFi router or access point.	0
  is r6220 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	Yes, R6220 Wi-Fi Router is backwards compatible with legacy Wi-Fi standards.	1
  is r6220 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input. Using a paperclip or sharp object press and hold the reset button for about 10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
  is r6220 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
  is r6220 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	We are working on firmware to add USB support to the product. We will provide more details when this firmware update is released.	0
  is r6220 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	For each XAV101 device, press its Security button for more than 10 seconds until the LED starts to blink. This generates a new, randomly generated network encryption key for each XAV101 devices. At this point, the devices cannot communicate with each other. Push the Security button on one adapter for 2 seconds, and then push the button on the second adapter for 2 seconds. Both buttons must be pushed within 2 minutes. This securely configures your Powerline network with the same network encryption key. The devices will retain security settings even if they are unplugged.	0
  is r6220 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
 how do i restore my router to factory default settings?	Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	1
 how do i restore my router to factory default settings?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
 how do i restore my router to factory default settings?	* Make sure your AP is not set to legacy B or G mode.	0
 how do i restore my router to factory default settings?	3G: HSPA / UMTS @ 2100MHz and 2G: GSM / GPRS / EDGE @ 850/900/ 1800/1900MHz	0
 how do i restore my router to factory default settings?	R6250 is the AC1600 router: It supports Max 1300Mbps at 5GHz, and Max 300Mbps at 2.4GHz.	0
 how do i restore my router to factory default settings?	The WNDA4100 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNDA4100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 450Mbps in both bands. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and has a USB cradle that users can adjust the orientation to make a best connection quality with.	0
  how about upgrades? if i have a lower specification model can i upgrade to a higher specification model?	a. You can purchase a higher specification model, but all of our security appliances run on specific, unique hardware. Security vendors sometimes sell the exact same hardware across multiple models and upgrades entail removing software caps that limit the hardware’s performance for the lower specification models. NETGEAR ProSECURE doesn’t believe in this approach - NETGEAR ProSECURE believes that you should always get what you pay for – and this is consistent with our philosophy of “No per-user licenses”.	1
  how about upgrades? if i have a lower specification model can i upgrade to a higher specification model?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
  how about upgrades? if i have a lower specification model can i upgrade to a higher specification model?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
  how about upgrades? if i have a lower specification model can i upgrade to a higher specification model?	 CPU TYPE             Intel Atom SOC   Intel Atom SOC                 Marvell ARM SOC	0
  how about upgrades? if i have a lower specification model can i upgrade to a higher specification model?	The table below describes the WPS (the LED on the WPS push button of front panel) behaviors.	0
  how about upgrades? if i have a lower specification model can i upgrade to a higher specification model?	It is 16 Amp for GR and FR, 15 Amp for NA and 13 Amp for UK.	0
  with 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6220 smart wifi router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	No, if you use an 802.11n wireless adapter to connect to R6220, the maximum connection speed will be the same as connecting to an 802.11n Router. This is due to the maximum link rates in the 802.11n Wi-Fi standard.	1
  with 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6220 smart wifi router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	Please try to update the firmware again later or on the following day.	0
  with 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6220 smart wifi router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	When plugged into a the lower terminal of vertical two socket wall outlet, the PLP1200 may interfere with some, larger plugs. However, almost all 2 prong plugs and many 3 prong plugs will still fit.	0
  with 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6220 smart wifi router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	Make sure that the TV input is set to the port where the NeoTV 350 cable is connected and make sure that all cable connections are firmly secured.	0
  with 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6220 smart wifi router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	No, the VLAN feature is currently designed to separate WAN services provided by your service provider (ISP). For example, your ISP may require this feature in order to separate Internet, IPTV, and/or telephony services. It is not meant to be used to configure the LAN side of the customer's network.	0
  with 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6220 smart wifi router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	The maximum WiFi clients supported is 32.	0
 my usb storage device is plugged into the wndr4300v2, but the router can’t detect it, what can i do?	If the WNDR4300v2 router does not detect your USB storage please try the following:	1
 my usb storage device is plugged into the wndr4300v2, but the router can’t detect it, what can i do?	The DC113A cradle will improve the antenna performance on your connected mobile hotspot by ~5dB. This will be noticeable on your device when the device is in poor to medium signal strength (between 1 and 3 bars, typically). If there is absolutely no signal where you are, the cradle can’t help. Conversely, if the cradle is right next to the cell tower and has full bars, the cradle can’t improve that either. However, if you are somewhere between no signal and full bars, the cradle will definitely improve signal strength.	0
 my usb storage device is plugged into the wndr4300v2, but the router can’t detect it, what can i do?	If the client device has connected to router directly, the extender setup URL is not accessible. Please connect your client device to the extender directly and enter Extender setup URL again.	0
 my usb storage device is plugged into the wndr4300v2, but the router can’t detect it, what can i do?	No, while receiving SMS messages is supported, this device does not support sending SMS messages.	0
 my usb storage device is plugged into the wndr4300v2, but the router can’t detect it, what can i do?	After you have successfully setup the WPN824N to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	0
 my usb storage device is plugged into the wndr4300v2, but the router can’t detect it, what can i do?	This is a known issue on the CM600. Reboot the modem to fix the issue. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
  should i purchase the stmxxxm subscription?	a. Yes, the STMxxxM (Software Maintenance & Upgrades, 24/7 Support, & Advanced Replacement Subscription) is an integral part of the NETGEAR ProSECURE experience and includes:	1
  should i purchase the stmxxxm subscription?	 WPA-PSK (TKIP) has been removed by the Wi-Fi Alliance so on the new firmware, it may be not be there anymore.	0
  should i purchase the stmxxxm subscription?	During the installation process (via the web genie interface), the router accesses the NETGEAR web site for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the router user interface also supports auto firmware upgrade. Auto upgrade will check for the latest firmware on the NETGEAR web site every time you log into the router.	0
  should i purchase the stmxxxm subscription?	MP1/2/4, Xvid, VC-1/WMV-9, H.264, OpenDivX all to 1080p.	0
  should i purchase the stmxxxm subscription?	1. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Reset push button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
  should i purchase the stmxxxm subscription?	No, it supports both 1G and 10Gbps.	0
  what is the maximum link rate in r6220 11ac mode?	If you use 802.11ac wireless devices to connect to R6220, the maximum connection link rate is 867Mbps. To take full advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	1
  what is the maximum link rate in r6220 11ac mode?	Please take caution when using the Ethernet Port Aggregation feature when connecting the router's AGGREGATE ports to a switch. The router's AGGREGATE ports use 802.3ad LACP (Link Aggregation Control Protocol) to perform port aggregation. LACP is typically found on Smart Managed Switches and Fully Managed switches. It will not work on a regular unmanaged switch. If you do not know what type of switch you have, please check with the switch manufacturer's website to confirm whether or not LACP is supported on your switch.	0
  what is the maximum link rate in r6220 11ac mode?	Yes, You can log into the genie GUI, then select ADVANCED > Setup > LAN Setup. Enter in your custom device name in the Device Name field.	0
  what is the maximum link rate in r6220 11ac mode?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
  what is the maximum link rate in r6220 11ac mode?	Yes. Arlo Q cameras let you listen or speak to who or what is being viewed on the camera. Arlo Q cameras employ half-duplex transmission and work similarly to walkie-talkies.	0
  what is the maximum link rate in r6220 11ac mode?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
 my timemachine backup fails sometimes, what should i do?	Timemachine backup may sometimes fail due to several reasons. Please follow the criteria below to ensure that your Timemachine backup is successful.	1
 my timemachine backup fails sometimes, what should i do?	Wireless isolation is no longer an option on the R7000.	0
 my timemachine backup fails sometimes, what should i do?	There is no option available in the GUI to upgrade firmware for the C3000/C3700. The firmware upgrade is done automatically through your internet service provider. They will push the firmware through their network. No action is needed by the customer.	0
 my timemachine backup fails sometimes, what should i do?	Yes, it is.	0
 my timemachine backup fails sometimes, what should i do?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7’s AutoConfig (XP’s Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	0
 my timemachine backup fails sometimes, what should i do?	Arlo Q cameras can detect motion from as far as 50 feet away. In addition, you can create up to three motion detection zones so that motion in detected in specific areas within the camera frame.	0
  does r6220 support vlan/iptv?	Yes, R6220 supports VLAN/IPTV with firmware version 1.1.0.34 or newer.	1
  does r6220 support vlan/iptv?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes amber.	0
  does r6220 support vlan/iptv?	Yes. You can press the “Menu” key and select the subtitle, audio or chapter from the on-screen menu.	0
  does r6220 support vlan/iptv?	No, while receiving SMS messages is supported, this device does not support sending SMS messages.	0
  does r6220 support vlan/iptv?	The XWN5001 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The device will resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	0
  does r6220 support vlan/iptv?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
  how current are your spam and virus definitions?	a. Virus and spam definitions are constantly updated by NETGEAR ProSECURE Labs employees and your appliance will update itself on an hourly basis by default.	1
  how current are your spam and virus definitions?	UPOE (Universal Power over Ethernet) is not an IEEE standard: UPOE was brought to market by Cisco® but its physical and LLDP specifications have been used by third-parties for interoperability, for instance via UPOE LLDP TLV, an 802.3 organizationally specific TLV. To power a UPOE PD device, all four pairs are used to deliver up to 30W + 30W = 60W per RJ45 Gigabit port. More generally, UPOE can deliver any PSE wattage up to 60W per port, when PoE+ is limited to 30W PSE maximum. When a XCM8948 blade (48 x 1G RJ45) or XCM8944 blade (40 x 1G RJ45, 2 x SFP+, 2 x 10GBASE-T) is equipped with XCM89UP UPOE daughter card, it is backward compatible with standard PoE (15.4W) and PoE+ (30W). This means that any standard PoE (802.3af) or PoE+ (802.3at) PD device is powered without any specific configuration. NETGEAR M6100 chassis supports UPOE next-generation PD devices using UPOE LLDP TLV as the preferred method. M6100 chassis supports a second method for UPOE interoperability called forced 4-pair high power static method. A ‘PoE’ command must be issued in the CLI or the Web GUI to enable the forced 4-pair configuration. M6100 doesn’t support Cisco CDP power negotiation mechanisms and algorithms for inline power negotiation with UPOE PD devices.	0
  how current are your spam and virus definitions?	The networking kit (WNHDEB111) or the single unit (WNHDE111) either in Access Point or Bridge mode will work with any 5 GHz Wireless-N enabled devices or Ethernet enabled device like Xbox, PlayStation, Wii , TiVo HD, Slingbox, digital set-top boxes, NETGEAR’s Digital Entertainer HD, Apple TV, network attached storage (NAS), and more.	0
  how current are your spam and virus definitions?	Yes, M6100 Chassis Switch provides the admin with two differentiated methods (in-band and out-of-band) for Telnet, SSH and Web GUI network access. For security, the admin can decide to allow or restrict any of these two methods. Out-of-band management is possible through the dedicated OOB RJ45 10/100/1000 port on the front of any I/O blades ((XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) when inserted in Supervisor Slot-1 (default). A second connection is recommended through OOB port on the blade inserted in Back-up Supervisor slot (Slot-2 by default) in case of failover. If OOB restriction is not a requirement, in-band management can be also available from any network port from any slot: Management ACLs are available to restrict which port(s) can reach M6100 CPU in that case.	0
  how current are your spam and virus definitions?	When the link is at 10000Mbps, left LED is Green, right LED is off.	0
  how current are your spam and virus definitions?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
4.1 maintenance release firmware fixes some of these issues	[Official 6.4.1](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30110)	1
4.1 maintenance release firmware fixes some of these issues	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
4.1 maintenance release firmware fixes some of these issues	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. For more details, see [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
4.1 maintenance release firmware fixes some of these issues	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 65Mbps or 150Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
4.1 maintenance release firmware fixes some of these issues	"XAV2602 is one of ""Pass Thru"" Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won't be able to occupy the original electrical outlet."	0
4.1 maintenance release firmware fixes some of these issues	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	0
  what is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. With WPS, it automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	1
  what is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
  what is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	Yes.	0
  what is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	No, XAV5201 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
  what is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
  what is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	Files and folders stored on your Stora are private by default. However, you can share content on the Stora with friends and family in several ways:	0
  will the netgear prosecure stm appliance work in my network setup?	a. There are many deployment options for the STM appliance and we’re sure that one of the deployment options will work best for you. Please see HERE for more deployment options.	1
  will the netgear prosecure stm appliance work in my network setup?	It depends on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE hard drive. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
  will the netgear prosecure stm appliance work in my network setup?	No. XAVB5001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
  will the netgear prosecure stm appliance work in my network setup?	The remote application on the iPad is only using iTunes as a remote control to play content using the iPad/iPhone. It merely sees the files and can play them just like an external remote control. The actual files are installed on the computer.	0
  will the netgear prosecure stm appliance work in my network setup?	The amount of bandwidth required to transmit compressed HD video varies greatly depending on the resolution (e.g. 720p vs. 1080i vs. 1080p) and the type of compression used (e.g. MPEG2 vs. MPEG4). The following are bandwidth requirements for the most common resolutions:	0
  will the netgear prosecure stm appliance work in my network setup?	We suggest you always use the latest firmware available. The newest firmware has the most up to date features and will be the most stable version available.	0
  does r6220 support usb port?	Yes, there's a USB port on the back of the R6220; it's a USB 2.0 port. You can use this USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready Share printer.	1
  does r6220 support usb port?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
  does r6220 support usb port?	First you need to know if the telephone service is provided to you through digital VoIP (Voice over IP).If the telephone service is provided to you via VoIP, you need to use the Gateway Router from the service provider.An easy way to tell is by looking at the Gateway Router from the Service Provider and see if there is a phone jack to the phone (as opposed to the phone jack to the wall).	0
  does r6220 support usb port?	[Backups are failing when using rsync. Why?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21524)	0
  does r6220 support usb port?	The highest performance is up to 450 Mbps theoretically.	0
  does r6220 support usb port?	No.	0
  will i get false positives?	a. Often times, security solutions that flood users with false positives are quickly viewed as massively annoying. This often results in the solutions being disabled – which defeats the purpose of deploying a security solution in the first place!	1
  will i get false positives?	4G LTE Broadband is currently available in many major cities and airports nationwide, and will continue to expand service to cities and towns across the US. To see current availability, check the [Coverage Map](http://network4g.verizonwireless.com/#/coverage).	0
  will i get false positives?	NETGEAR recommends that you leave 20% of the volume free, since the free space is used for snapshots and file system metadata.	0
  will i get false positives?	A6210 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6210 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
  will i get false positives?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
  will i get false positives?	It supports a maximum of four concurrent VPN clients.	0
  what is readyshare print?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the Router's USB port, allowing access ether via wired and wireless connection.	1
  what is readyshare print?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
  what is readyshare print?	NETGEAR home routers support PPPoA and PPPoE encapsulation. IPoA (IP over ATM) is not supported.	0
  what is readyshare print?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
  what is readyshare print?	1. Please make sure the connected device is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
  what is readyshare print?	NETGEAR WPN824N uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We suggest users to let the device stand up or lie down to achieve the best range and performance suitable in your house.	0
  what is the best configuration to spam filtering?	a. Make sure enable the email services as required in Email Security/Policy TAB (STMP, POP3 & IMAP)	1
  what is the best configuration to spam filtering?	Yes, WNDAP350 supports both bands 5 GHz-a, n/a mode and 2.4 GHz-b, b/g, b/g/n modes.	0
  what is the best configuration to spam filtering?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
  what is the best configuration to spam filtering?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5602 configuration utility.	0
  what is the best configuration to spam filtering?	WNDA3100v2 can be configured to work at certain speed and certain frequency. The option is available in the Advance settings of the NETGEAR Smart Wizard (Wireless Assistant). These options are available but should only be used if you are an advanced user.	0
  what is the best configuration to spam filtering?	The EVA8000 can play directly through SMB/CIFS – so no PC needed.	0
"A ""locked file detected"" pop-up window appears during installation. what should i do?"	"Please delete the WN111v2?.exe process in task manager and click ""Ignore"" to continue the installation."	1
"A ""locked file detected"" pop-up window appears during installation. what should i do?"	Yes, region can be changed.	0
"A ""locked file detected"" pop-up window appears during installation. what should i do?"	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 300Mbps link rate.	0
"A ""locked file detected"" pop-up window appears during installation. what should i do?"	Sometimes the spotlight channels do not work due to the channel partner having revised their web site. We will keep monitoring and improving the channels to minimize the effects of these changes.	0
"A ""locked file detected"" pop-up window appears during installation. what should i do?"	The default IP address is 192.168.5.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default credentials “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
"A ""locked file detected"" pop-up window appears during installation. what should i do?"	1. Launch a web browser from a computer or WiFi device that is connected to the routerâ€™s network.	0
Accessing your data on a readynas...	* [via Mapped Network Drive](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/19864)	1
Accessing your data on a readynas...	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XAV101 Configuration Utility to set QoS based on your environment setting.	0
Accessing your data on a readynas...	No, your D6300 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
Accessing your data on a readynas...	* Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
Accessing your data on a readynas...	No, the PLP1200 does not support QoS.	0
Accessing your data on a readynas...	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Activity                                                            description	 POWER         Off                                                                          No power is supplied to the device	1
Activity                                                            description	ReadyNAS Vault uses the port 443, the standard https port. So, as long as you can browse the web securely, no new ports need to be opened.	0
Activity                                                            description	Many factors will affect the ability to make out specific details such as facial features - chief among them, how close to the camera the subject is and how fast the subject is moving. VueZone cameras are not high definition.	0
Activity                                                            description	Yes.	0
Activity                                                            description	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
Activity                                                            description	The default password is “password”.	0
"After i enter http://www.mywifiext.com or http://www.mywifiext.net in my web browser, why does a page display showing ""you are not connected to your extender's wifi network. please check your current connection and try again.""?"	If the client device has connected to router directly, the extender setup URL is not accessible. Please connect your client device to the extender directly and enter Extender setup URL again.	1
"After i enter http://www.mywifiext.com or http://www.mywifiext.net in my web browser, why does a page display showing ""you are not connected to your extender's wifi network. please check your current connection and try again.""?"	The XAV1004 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrade.	0
"After i enter http://www.mywifiext.com or http://www.mywifiext.net in my web browser, why does a page display showing ""you are not connected to your extender's wifi network. please check your current connection and try again.""?"	The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, 5GHz is a less interference prone wireless frequency, so it is more suitable to run time sensitive applications like video or voice. We encourage you to utilize the 5GHz band with devices that support 5GHz band like iPad/iPhone 5 etc.	0
"After i enter http://www.mywifiext.com or http://www.mywifiext.net in my web browser, why does a page display showing ""you are not connected to your extender's wifi network. please check your current connection and try again.""?"	Yes, WNR2200 supports FAT16, FAT32, NTFS, NTFS compressed, and ext2 file systems.	0
"After i enter http://www.mywifiext.com or http://www.mywifiext.net in my web browser, why does a page display showing ""you are not connected to your extender's wifi network. please check your current connection and try again.""?"	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that both the router link LED and the client link LED are lit and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](www.mywifiext.net).	0
"After i enter http://www.mywifiext.com or http://www.mywifiext.net in my web browser, why does a page display showing ""you are not connected to your extender's wifi network. please check your current connection and try again.""?"	If your device connected to LAN port is fast Ethernet, 10/100Mbps, you will see green color on LAN port LED.	0
"After upgrading the firmware on the r8000 to v1.0.2.44 or higher, why do i not see the ""edit"" option under access control anymore?"	"Due to the implementation of the dynamic QoS feature on v1.0.2.44 and higher, the ""Edit"" option is now moved under ""Attached Devices"" option under the Basic tab. You can edit your devices there.."	1
"After upgrading the firmware on the r8000 to v1.0.2.44 or higher, why do i not see the ""edit"" option under access control anymore?"	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that both the router link LED and the client link LED are lit and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](www.mywifiext.net).	0
"After upgrading the firmware on the r8000 to v1.0.2.44 or higher, why do i not see the ""edit"" option under access control anymore?"	The difference between MSTP and PV(R)STP is primarily in the way the protocol maps spanning tree instances to VLANs: PV(R)STP creates a spanning tree instance for every VLAN, whereas MSTP maps one or more VLANs to each MST instance	0
"After upgrading the firmware on the r8000 to v1.0.2.44 or higher, why do i not see the ""edit"" option under access control anymore?"	The default login name (case sensitive) is admin and the default login password(case sensitive) is password.	0
"After upgrading the firmware on the r8000 to v1.0.2.44 or higher, why do i not see the ""edit"" option under access control anymore?"	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
"After upgrading the firmware on the r8000 to v1.0.2.44 or higher, why do i not see the ""edit"" option under access control anymore?"	WNDA4100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA4100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
An arrow led is blinking, what should i do?	This means that you are too far from the client or the router/gateway.	1
An arrow led is blinking, what should i do?	To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1601 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
An arrow led is blinking, what should i do?	The A6200 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11a/b/g/n specifications and 802.11ac draft 2.0. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a, 802.11n and 802.11ac wireless routers and access points. A6200 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 866Mbps in 5GHz and up to 300Mbps in 2.4GHz bands. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and has a USB cradle that users can adjust the orientation to make a best connection quality with.	0
An arrow led is blinking, what should i do?	Quality of Service (QoS) prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port. QoS is built into NETGEARâ€™s WNR3500.	0
An arrow led is blinking, what should i do?	"1. Push the ""WPS"" button on the wireless device."	0
An arrow led is blinking, what should i do?	The XAV101 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrades. Connect your PC to one of the XAV101 devices and run the XAV101 Configuration utility. You can upgrade all of the XAV101 devices in you home through the device.	0
"Are home routers capable of letting you set the ""notify interval"" to lower than 15 minutes?"	No. This cannot be configured on home routers.	1
"Are home routers capable of letting you set the ""notify interval"" to lower than 15 minutes?"	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
"Are home routers capable of letting you set the ""notify interval"" to lower than 15 minutes?"	The following features require the Digital Entertainer software to be running on a PC:	0
"Are home routers capable of letting you set the ""notify interval"" to lower than 15 minutes?"	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setupâ„¢) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
"Are home routers capable of letting you set the ""notify interval"" to lower than 15 minutes?"	This is Per VLAN Spanning Tree and Per VLAN Rapid Spanning Tree. There is no IEEE standard yet for Per VLAN (R)STP, but NETGEAR implementation follows the same rules than other vendor’s Per VLAN (R)STP for interoperability:	0
"Are home routers capable of letting you set the ""notify interval"" to lower than 15 minutes?"	If this feature is disabled, it will allow the device to stay in supporting the maximum speed. If it is Enabled, it may reduce the maximum speed of your 2.4GHz to half when the router detected another wireless network in your environment. This will avoid interference with the other networks and to co-exist with other wireless networks.	0
Are home routers capable of setting port forwarding by schedule?	No.	1
Are home routers capable of setting port forwarding by schedule?	Yes, the PL1000 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
Are home routers capable of setting port forwarding by schedule?	No. Please power off fully by shutting off the rear panel switch before installing or removing a hard drive. The hard drive will not be damaged if you remove it with the EVA powered up, but the EVA will not recognize any hard drive which is installed after initial power-on.	0
Are home routers capable of setting port forwarding by schedule?	NETGEAR's Stora includes two hard drive bays. You can set up the second hard drive to mirror your data, making backup and restoration simple. The Stora can use Raid which is a technology that introduce disks redundancy. If your Stora is configured to use Raid 1 or Mirror, the mirrored drive will guarantee data access if the one disk fails.	0
Are home routers capable of setting port forwarding by schedule?	"1. Locate the ""Reset"" button on the rear panel of the modem."	0
Are home routers capable of setting port forwarding by schedule?	To go to POWER OFF(power saving mode), push and hold the Security/Power button for 5 – 10 seconds. Pressing the button again for less than 2 seconds returns it to POWER ON(normal mode).	0
Are standard 100 mbps network adapters fast enough for mca1001v2 adapters, or are gigabit ethernet adapters required or recommended?	Under ideal conditions, MCA1001v2 adapters have a data rate of up to 175 Mbps. The effective data rate is somewhat lower. Consequently, a 100-Mbps network adapter is adequate in most cases.	1
Are standard 100 mbps network adapters fast enough for mca1001v2 adapters, or are gigabit ethernet adapters required or recommended?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use.	0
Are standard 100 mbps network adapters fast enough for mca1001v2 adapters, or are gigabit ethernet adapters required or recommended?	192.168.0.1	0
Are standard 100 mbps network adapters fast enough for mca1001v2 adapters, or are gigabit ethernet adapters required or recommended?	NETGEAR does not have powerline adapters that uses power over Ethernet.	0
Are standard 100 mbps network adapters fast enough for mca1001v2 adapters, or are gigabit ethernet adapters required or recommended?	If you are connecting to the 5 GHz network, Intel Wireless Display will not work. Intel Wireless Display is compatible with any 2.4 GHz WiFi Router. If your router supports both 2.4 and 5 GHz, connect the laptop to the 2.4 GHz wireless network.	0
Are standard 100 mbps network adapters fast enough for mca1001v2 adapters, or are gigabit ethernet adapters required or recommended?	NAND+SDRAM 1G bits + 512M bits	0
Are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	1
Are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	NTV550 can play YouTube videos in the H.264 format (i.e., videos labeled “HD” or “High Quality” by YouTube). Some YouTube videos are in the older, FLV/Sorenson format. NTV550 can play these latter videos only via assistance from NeoTV for Windows software, running on a PC. If NTV550 can locate a Windows PC running NeoTV for Windows, it will play the FLV/Sorenson videos via live transcoding. If aPC cannot be found, you will see an error message when attempting to play these videos. Note that many “Recently Added” videos are initially in the FLV/Sorenson format, until they are converted by the YouTube web site and made available in H.264 HQ and HD formats.	0
Are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	"Yes. Use the Windows key + P shortcut to select ""extend mode"". You must position the application you want to watch on the TV to the extended display (e.g. drag Windows Media Player past the right edge of the screen until it appears on your TV)."	0
Are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	D500 provides a simplified version of repeater function. It connects to its uplink router like a client connects to a router. Below are the steps:	0
Are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	While channel 2-4 use standard SATA connector, channel 1 uses SFF-8639 connector which supports NVMe drive. NVMe support is experimental. NETGEAR does not support it on RN3138 at this time.	0
Are the 2 usb ports 3.0 or 2.0? is there a difference between the two ports?	"The default password is ""password""."	0
Are the blades supporting hot-swap or hot-plug?	Yes, any M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) support hot-swap and hot-plug.	1
Are the blades supporting hot-swap or hot-plug?	It is not currently supported (driver v1.2). It will be supported on future driver release.	0
Are the blades supporting hot-swap or hot-plug?	* Blink blue color twice per second: Remote control has paired NeoTV PRIME and is trying to connect NeoTV PRIME.	0
Are the blades supporting hot-swap or hot-plug?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router. The EX2700 does not use the WPS protocol to connect to your router. If your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it, please follow the FAQ 7 to complete the installation.	0
Are the blades supporting hot-swap or hot-plug?	Push ’N’ Connect is an easy way to connect your wireless devices to the router without remembering passwords and SSIDs. DGN2200 supports WiFi Protected Setup (WPS), a WiFi Alliance standard specification which enables Push ‘N’ Connect. You need to have a WPS enabled Wireless-N client or adapter like WN111 for Push ’N’ Connect to work with DGN2200.	0
Are the blades supporting hot-swap or hot-plug?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Are the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No, The XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 are not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Are the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	You can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV101 Configuration utility.	0
Are the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The table below describes the WPS (the LED on the WPS push button of front panel) behaviors.	0
Are the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Yes, your cable TV line can carry the TV signal while you send and receive information on the Internet.	0
Are the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	JNR3210/JNR3000 provides a preset SSID (network name) and password. If you do not change the default SSID and password, you can find both on the lable of the bottom case.	0
Are the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Are there any limitations to the number of source servers that i can draw files from?	As long as all of the media servers/shares are on the same subnet there should not be a limit. (Note: The more shares available the longer the scanning time for file updates) At present we have tested with over 40 servers/shares.	1
Are there any limitations to the number of source servers that i can draw files from?	Yes, the PL1000 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
Are there any limitations to the number of source servers that i can draw files from?	Ethernet port aggregation only allow the device which supported and configured the 802.3ad link aggregation to connect to it. If connect to 2 ports to the regular switch, it will cause the network broadcast storm (looping). Please be aware of it.	0
Are there any limitations to the number of source servers that i can draw files from?	Environmental factors, Operational overhead, differences between different transport standards (UDP vs. TCP vs. WFT) and the way each standard optimizes the data overhead (typically for error handling).	0
Are there any limitations to the number of source servers that i can draw files from?	Miracast™ **is a new certification program based on the Wi-Fi Display specification.Miracast™ certification demonstrates that a device can quickly transmit video content from one Miracast™-certified device to another, even without access to a Wi-Fi® **network.NETGEAR hopes to achieve Miracast™ certification for the Push2TV in early 2013.	0
Are there any limitations to the number of source servers that i can draw files from?	NETGEAR keeps improving the supported set top box information, but if you cannot find the correct codes during first time setup, Please skip this setting and finish the setup. As we add new firmware upgrades, we will continue to improve the supported set top boxes, which might include support for your model set top box.	0
Are there any special boot modes?	Yes. RDD516 can boot into special boot mode by press and hold RESET switch. It can also boot from external USB by holding OK for 3 seconds immediately after touch key backlight turns off from full brightness seconds after power on. For more details, check hardware user manual.	1
Are there any special boot modes?	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XE103 Powerline Encryption Utility to set a network password within the group or network.	0
Are there any special boot modes?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Are there any special boot modes?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Are there any special boot modes?	In a typical situation where signal strength is improved, the data throughput will also be improved. However, there are many factors and variables impacting data speeds such as amount of traffic on the network, number of people connecting to the same network cell, the type of data you are accessing, etc. So, it also possible that in some circumstances the signal on the device is significantly improved, but the data speeds will remain the same. Most often this is when the network is slow and even the weaker signal is getting maximum throughput.	0
Are there any special boot modes?	No, the EVA8000 does not get very hot, though it is recommended that it have decent ventilation, since like any piece of electronics it will build up heat over time.	0
Are there any wireless isolation settings on this model?	Wireless isolation is no longer an option on the R7000.	1
Are there any wireless isolation settings on this model?	* For each XAVB6504 device, press its Security button for 1.5, 5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Are there any wireless isolation settings on this model?	Yes, the XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
Are there any wireless isolation settings on this model?	ReadyNAS Vault uses the port 443, the standard https port. So, as long as you can browse the web securely, no new ports need to be opened.	0
Are there any wireless isolation settings on this model?	* XS708E can only be configured using ProSAFE Plus Utility. XS708Ev2 supports both Plus Utility and Web browser for remote access.	0
Are there any wireless isolation settings on this model?	There are three built-in connections in this device, the ADSL port, two Ethernet ports, and the N150 (150Mbps) WiFi. That combination is all one needs to get Internet connection via a DSL service, and share that Internet connection with multiple WiFi devices, such as notebook computers, Smartphones, tablets, etc. The Ethernet connector is for devices that do not have built-in WiFi but still need to get on to the Internet.	0
Are there hardware differences between readynas 516 and readydata 516?	Yes, ReadyDATA has 16GB of RAM rather than 4GB.	1
Are there hardware differences between readynas 516 and readydata 516?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Are there hardware differences between readynas 516 and readydata 516?	Yes, it is work for 2.5.3 firmware of the Stora. Please see [http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html](http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html).	0
Are there hardware differences between readynas 516 and readydata 516?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
Are there hardware differences between readynas 516 and readydata 516?	Using other antennas with the R7300 is not recommended. There is not a list of compatible external antennas.	0
Are there hardware differences between readynas 516 and readydata 516?	Our XAVB2101 is compatible with all of our 200 Mbps Home Plug AV products and our 500 Mbps Home Plug AV Products, for example XAVB2001, XAVB1004, XAVB5001, XAVB5501, and XAVB101v2. It is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps powerline products like XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	0
"At what speed the xav1201 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501?"	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	1
"At what speed the xav1201 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501?"	"The R7900 is currently in AP mode. This is normal behavior. If you want to put the R7900 to router mode, please go ahead and perform a factory reset on the device. Once you go through the installation process again, please make sure to select ""No"" if you see the screen below and continue with setup."	0
"At what speed the xav1201 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501?"	With multiple SSID, you can set up more than one wireless network in your home and by controlling the access to each network, you can assure that your personal PC and private networked information are kept in a private network while your guests can enjoy the freedom of wireless Internet access in your home.	0
"At what speed the xav1201 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501?"	Additional info can be found at [NETGEAR ReadySHARE](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
"At what speed the xav1201 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501?"	The A6200 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11a/b/g/n specifications and 802.11ac draft 2.0. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a, 802.11n and 802.11ac wireless routers and access points. A6200 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 866Mbps in 5GHz and up to 300Mbps in 2.4GHz bands. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and has a USB cradle that users can adjust the orientation to make a best connection quality with.	0
"At what speed the xav1201 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501?"	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 150Mbps support the draft 802.11N	0
"At what speed the xav1301 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 Mbps product, the 200 Mbps throughput is maximum."	1
"At what speed the xav1301 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	0
"At what speed the xav1301 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	There are some approaches.	0
"At what speed the xav1301 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	All of our NETGEAR ReadyNAS devices with two Ethernet ports such as model RN100/200/300/500/700 desktops series and ReadyNAS RN2000/3000/4000 rack-mount series support port aggregation. Other 3rd party storage devices that supports link aggregation will work as well.	0
"At what speed the xav1301 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	* The best performance is delivered when both the Link Rate LED and the PC to Booster Connection LED are green.	0
"At what speed the xav1301 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	It is a universal extender, so all routers should be compatible.	0
"At what speed the xav1401 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	1
"At what speed the xav1401 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	* For each XAVB5601 devices, press its Security button for >1.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
"At what speed the xav1401 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
"At what speed the xav1401 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	* For each XAV5201 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
"At what speed the xav1401 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	Currently the EVA 8000 supports the following container formats: AVI, DivX, Xvid WMV, MOV, VOB, MPG, MP1, MP2, MP4, ISO, IFO, M4V.	0
"At what speed the xav1401 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	The A6200 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11a/b/g/n specifications and 802.11ac draft 2.0. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a, 802.11n and 802.11ac wireless routers and access points. A6200 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 866Mbps in 5GHz and up to 300Mbps in 2.4GHz bands. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and has a USB cradle that users can adjust the orientation to make a best connection quality with.	0
"At what speed the xav1601 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	1
"At what speed the xav1601 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	802.3az is an IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) standard, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
"At what speed the xav1601 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	For setup instructions on various NETGEAR models, see [Installing and configuring NETGEAR WiFi Range Extenders](https://kb.netgear.com/23517/Installing-and-configuring-NETGEAR-WiFi-Range-Extenders).	0
"At what speed the xav1601 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	MP1/2/4, Xvid, VC-1/WMV-9, H.264, OpenDivX all to 1080p.	0
"At what speed the xav1601 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	Make sure your PC is connected to the WiFi Booster by using the SSID and the passphrase that you have just set up, and clicking the Refresh button in your browser. This will return you to the Smart Wizard.	0
"At what speed the xav1601 is ""exchanging"" data with a 500 mbps device such as xav5501 ?"	DDR3 1333/1600 un-buffered ECC DIMM. There are two memory slots, each supports up to 8GB memory module. RDD516 is shipped with maximum possible memory configuration.	0
Backup:	[How can I backup Windows shares with files with foreign characters in their names?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	1
Backup:	NAND+SDRAM 1G bits + 512M bits	0
Backup:	The XAVB5101 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
Backup:	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601, XAV1401, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
Backup:	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Backup:	You can add up to eight powerline devices.	0
Benefits of installing the r6200 router as a bridge:	* Enables you to take advantage of Gigabit Wi-Fi speeds on current devices.	1
Benefits of installing the r6200 router as a bridge:	There is no option to change wireless output power. The only alternative is to optimize the wireless settings and choose the best location for the router.	0
Benefits of installing the r6200 router as a bridge:	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Benefits of installing the r6200 router as a bridge:	R7800 support maximum backup file size up to 500GB now.	0
Benefits of installing the r6200 router as a bridge:	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Benefits of installing the r6200 router as a bridge:	During installation via the Web genie, JNR3210/JMR3000 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check for the latest firmware on the website every time you log into the GUI.	0
Benefits of installing the r6300 router as a bridge:	* Enables you to take advantage of Gigabit Wi-Fi speeds on current devices.	1
Benefits of installing the r6300 router as a bridge:	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004. XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
Benefits of installing the r6300 router as a bridge:	The power consumption of XAVB6504 is 4.2 Watts in 110V AC and 5.0 Watts in 240V AC.	0
Benefits of installing the r6300 router as a bridge:	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAU2511 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Benefits of installing the r6300 router as a bridge:	NETGEAR has developed a full range of 802.11ac wireless routers and Wi-Fi 802.11ac adapters that integrate the beamforming technique as defined in the IEEE 802.11ac draft specification. This standard based implementation allows for interoperability with any other client device that supports beamforming as defined by Wi-Fi Alliance.	0
Benefits of installing the r6300 router as a bridge:	RDD516 can be gracefully powered off through Web GUI page. Or by press and hold power button for 2 seconds. Be very careful, don't press and hold power button for more than 4 seconds, otherwise, power will be cut off forcefully by hardware.	0
Boot, installation, and upgrade:	[Can I update the ReadyNAS firmware before installing my disks?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21394)	1
Boot, installation, and upgrade:	Yes, the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. Please find more details at [http://www.netgear.com/netgear-genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/netgear-genie.aspx).	0
Boot, installation, and upgrade:	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
Boot, installation, and upgrade:	* 24 copper 10/100/1000Mbps RJ-45 Ethernet ports	0
Boot, installation, and upgrade:	Currently, the C6300 Cable Modem Router is only available for retail in the US only.	0
Boot, installation, and upgrade:	Arlo Q cameras use 2.4GHz and 5GHz.	0
Can any blade be inserted in any slot of m6100 base chassis?	Yes. Any of four M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) can be inserted into any slots of M6100-3S base chassis. Slot-1 is designed as a Supervisor slot. Slot-2 is designed as a Back-up Supervisor blade. Any combination of M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) can handle these roles.	1
Can any blade be inserted in any slot of m6100 base chassis?	* Keep 1-2m away from electronics that generate RF interference (e.g., microwave, TV, phone)	0
Can any blade be inserted in any slot of m6100 base chassis?	* [How do I create a ReadyNAS Vault Account?](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208283016-Register-for-a-ReadyNAS-Vault-Account)	0
Can any blade be inserted in any slot of m6100 base chassis?	If you have setup multiple users on one computer and you accessed a share folder in WNR2200 then switch to another user account on same computer > you may encounter a problem accessing a share folder in WNR2200 USB port. This is Windows authority behavior. It keeps the existing authority and blocks another user account. The solution for this problem is either:	0
Can any blade be inserted in any slot of m6100 base chassis?	This button is for user to reset all of the settings back to factory defaults.	0
Can any blade be inserted in any slot of m6100 base chassis?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem/eMTA. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
Can aps150w be used in other m4300 models?	No, ASP150W cannot be used in other M4300 models.	1
Can aps150w be used in other m4300 models?	The device has one power LED:	0
Can aps150w be used in other m4300 models?	,	0
Can aps150w be used in other m4300 models?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can aps150w be used in other m4300 models?	* [What is the ReadyCLOUD Desktop Client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29786)	0
Can aps150w be used in other m4300 models?	Many factors will affect the ability to make out specific details such as facial features - chief among them, how close to the camera the subject is and how fast the subject is moving. VueZone cameras are not high definition.	0
Can d1500 act as a repeater?	D1500 provides a simplified version of repeater function. It connects to its uplink router like a client connects to a router. Below are the steps:	1
Can d1500 act as a repeater?	"1. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Restore Factory Settings"" button, located on the bottom of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber."	0
Can d1500 act as a repeater?	i. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the  RESTORE FACTORY SETTINGS button, located on the bottom of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Can d1500 act as a repeater?	For assistance in securing your wireless network, see [Securing your wireless network using WPA2](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/112)	0
Can d1500 act as a repeater?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
Can d1500 act as a repeater?	From Windows, select  START > SEARCH and in the search field type  ALLOW A PROGRAM THROUGH A WINDOWS FIREWALL. Add WiDiApp and Wireless PAN DHCP Server to the list of allowed programs. Make sure both the  PRIVATE and  PUBLIC check boxes are selected. If you are not using Windows Firewall, consult your firewall user's manual.	0
Can d500 act as a repeater?	D500 provides a simplified version of repeater function. It connects to its uplink router like a client connects to a router. Below are the steps:	1
Can d500 act as a repeater?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can d500 act as a repeater?	During the installation of the Web genie, the R6220 will check the update server for the latest firmware and will automatically install any updates available. In addition, the GUI also supports auto-firmware upgrade. The R6220 will check for the latest firmware available every time the GUI is accessed.	0
Can d500 act as a repeater?	The frequencies used by XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Can d500 act as a repeater?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
Can d500 act as a repeater?	Press and hold the button on the bottom for 5 seconds to reset the router to factory default settings.	0
Can dgn3500 act as a repeater?	Yes, DGN3500 supports Wireless Distribution System (WDS). However, WDS compatibility across different platforms can be problematic.	1
Can dgn3500 act as a repeater?	"XAV2602 is one of ""Pass Thru"" Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won't be able to occupy the original electrical outlet."	0
Can dgn3500 act as a repeater?	* [via Mapped Network Drive](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/19864)	0
Can dgn3500 act as a repeater?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 800Mbps” for 2.4 GHz & “Up to 1733Mbps” for 5 GHz.	0
Can dgn3500 act as a repeater?	It is recommended to buy a Wireless-N Adapter for best performance and upgrade your Wireless-G based Notebooks and desktops.	0
Can dgn3500 act as a repeater?	No, the R8500 does not support jumbo frames.	0
Can dgnd3300(b) act as a repeater?	Yes, DGND3300(B) supports Wireless Distribution System (WDS). However, WDS compatibility across different platforms can be problematic - DGND3300(B) uses Broadcom silicon and WDS will work best with other Broadcom-based platforms.	1
Can dgnd3300(b) act as a repeater?	Please connect to extender through wired, and login at [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://www.mywifiext.net) and check the wireless setting page. If you still cannot access the extender, please reset it back to factory default.	0
Can dgnd3300(b) act as a repeater?	No SDK at this time.	0
Can dgnd3300(b) act as a repeater?	To reset your router to factory defaults, see [Restoring a NETGEAR home router to the factory default settings](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/9665)	0
Can dgnd3300(b) act as a repeater?	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide the best performance when using WNA3100.	0
Can dgnd3300(b) act as a repeater?	* [ReadyCLOUD to MyNETGEAR Single Sign-On FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30671)	0
Can home routers translate port 8080 to port 82?	Yes, but not all. Please check the router's user manual for its features and capabilities.	1
Can home routers translate port 8080 to port 82?	Yes, there's a USB port on the back of the R6220; it's a USB 2.0 port. You can use this USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready Share printer.	0
Can home routers translate port 8080 to port 82?	NETGEAR offers Live Parental Controls software; a free program that provides a flexible way to monitor and restrict access to undesirable content on the Internet. Live Parental Controls is a feature rich program supported by OpenDNS the leading provider of security and infrastructure services that make the Internet safer through integrated Web content filtering, anti-phishing and DNS.	0
Can home routers translate port 8080 to port 82?	In Web Security > HTTP & HTTPS > URL Filtering, block all URLs while allowing the user login link to be on the resulting page.	0
Can home routers translate port 8080 to port 82?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
Can home routers translate port 8080 to port 82?	[Can I use the 2nd ethernet port on the 1100 for load-balancing / teaming?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21505)	0
"Can i ""hot plug"" the eva9000 hard drive?"	No. Please power off fully by shutting off the rear panel switch before installing or removing a hard drive. The hard drive will not be damaged if you remove it with the EVA powered up, but the EVA will not recognize any hard drive which is installed after initial power-on.	1
"Can i ""hot plug"" the eva9000 hard drive?"	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input)	0
"Can i ""hot plug"" the eva9000 hard drive?"	Yes, R6220 supports VLAN/IPTV with firmware version 1.1.0.34 or newer.	0
"Can i ""hot plug"" the eva9000 hard drive?"	" RED STEADY - Unit in ""Passive Standby"" - can be ""turned on with remote"" but requires 60+/- seconds to boot up. The EVA does not respond to network commands, but will self-power-on to perform background tasks as needed. In this mode the EVA is drawing less than .3 watts."	0
"Can i ""hot plug"" the eva9000 hard drive?"	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
"Can i ""hot plug"" the eva9000 hard drive?"	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
Can i access my files when i'm away from my home network?	Yes! With the free remote access function and an Internet connection, you can access your Stora to view or stream content over any web enabled device anywhere in the world at anytime.	1
Can i access my files when i'm away from my home network?	2dBi.	0
Can i access my files when i'm away from my home network?	From Windows select Start > Search and type in the search field Allow a program through a Windows Firewall. Add WiDiApp and Wireless PAN DHCP Server to the list of allowed programs. Make sure both private and public check boxes are selected. If you are not using Windows Firewall, consult your firewall user's manual.	0
Can i access my files when i'm away from my home network?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Can i access my files when i'm away from my home network?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
Can i access my files when i'm away from my home network?	AC327U supports up to 7.2Mbps @ Downlink and 5.76Mbps @ uplink. The detail spec as shown below: HSPA (7.2 Mbps), HSUPA (5.76 Mbps), UMTS (384 Kbps), GPRS (85.6 Kbps) Ps: AC327U does not support EDGE due to cost saving.	0
Can i access the stora without using the stora agent software?	"Yes, you can access the Stora web GUI from your local LAN by opening a web browser and entering ""http://IP_Address/?local=1""."	1
Can i access the stora without using the stora agent software?	* Please make sure the connected PC/NB or mobile phone is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
Can i access the stora without using the stora agent software?	* Each Ethernet port has one LED.	0
Can i access the stora without using the stora agent software?	No, PL1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible with HomePlug AV1.0.	0
Can i access the stora without using the stora agent software?	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	0
Can i access the stora without using the stora agent software?	The max loading power consumption of XAV101v2 is less than 4 Watts.	0
Can i add a new drive even if the first drive already have existing data?	Yes. After inserting the new drive, you can access the Stora interface and select JBOD or RAID1 to fully configure the new drive. As always, it is recommended to backup your data first just in case.	1
Can i add a new drive even if the first drive already have existing data?	a. There are many deployment options for the STM appliance and we’re sure that one of the deployment options will work best for you. Please see HERE for more deployment options.	0
Can i add a new drive even if the first drive already have existing data?	Yes, but you will either suffer a noticeable loss in performance, or if the signal is too low the units will not be able to communicate.	0
Can i add a new drive even if the first drive already have existing data?	The Nighthawk WiFi Router boosts WiFi speeds on 2.4 GHz with support for 256 QAM. This is a specific mode-Turbo QAM supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more WiFi clients based on 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure that even when you connect on the 2.4 GHz band with these 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
Can i add a new drive even if the first drive already have existing data?	Yes. R6300 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
Can i add a new drive even if the first drive already have existing data?	NETGEAR recommends at least 1.2Mbps. You might also need a router if you cannot connect the player directly to your cable or DSL modem.	0
Can i add more than one range extender to my router network?	You can have more than one Extender connection to your Router network, however you cannot daisy chain your additional Extenders. Daisy chaining is not officially supported and will affect performance for client devices connected to the second Extender in the chain.	1
Can i add more than one range extender to my router network?	D500 provides a simplified version of repeater function. It connects to its uplink router like a client connects to a router. Below are the steps:	0
Can i add more than one range extender to my router network?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i add more than one range extender to my router network?	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	0
Can i add more than one range extender to my router network?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
Can i add more than one range extender to my router network?	If your USB HDD is self-powered and uses more than 750mA of power, this could be the reason. Please verify that your USB HDD is within the specs since it is self-powered or try using a USB HDD with an external power supply.	0
Can i be watching something on my tv while doing something else (e.g. reading e-mail, surfing the web, etc) on my notebook?	"Yes. Use the Windows key + P shortcut to select ""extend mode"". You must position the application you want to watch on the TV to the extended display (e.g. drag Windows Media Player past the right edge of the screen until it appears on your TV)."	1
Can i be watching something on my tv while doing something else (e.g. reading e-mail, surfing the web, etc) on my notebook?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Can i be watching something on my tv while doing something else (e.g. reading e-mail, surfing the web, etc) on my notebook?	The power consumption of XAV1004 is 3.5 Watts at max usage. However the XAV101 has usage of 4 Watts.	0
Can i be watching something on my tv while doing something else (e.g. reading e-mail, surfing the web, etc) on my notebook?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 15 seconds. You can just push and hold the reset button until you see the power LED is blinking. When that happens, it means the router has restored the factory default configurations and now it's rebooting. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
Can i be watching something on my tv while doing something else (e.g. reading e-mail, surfing the web, etc) on my notebook?	Go to ADVANCED>NETGEAR Downloader. There are two tabs - Basic settings and Download Manager. Before using NETGEAR Downloader, please go to the Basic settings page to change the settings. If you are okay with the default settings, just go to the Download Manager to continue with your settings.	0
Can i be watching something on my tv while doing something else (e.g. reading e-mail, surfing the web, etc) on my notebook?	1. Write down all the settings which you changed from the default values, since you may need to reenter them manually.	0
Can i change the cable modem router’s device name?	Yes. You can log on to the genie GUI, then select  ADVANCED >  SETUP >  LAN SETUP. The ”LAN Setup” window will appear, type in your selected device name in the Device Name field.	1
Can i change the cable modem router’s device name?	The table below describes the WPS (the LED on the WPS push button of front panel) behaviors.	0
Can i change the cable modem router’s device name?	Yes. By default the router will check for newer firmware every day (4 AM local time) and install it if available. The time and frequency can be updated in the settings.	0
Can i change the cable modem router’s device name?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router’s USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly.	0
Can i change the cable modem router’s device name?	Currently, the WDS/Repeater mode feature can only be supported without security. Therefore, we have removed this feature from the R8000.	0
Can i change the cable modem router’s device name?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
Can i change the cable modem’s device name?	Yes, You can log into the genie GUI, then select ADVANCED > Setup > LAN Setup. Enter in your custom device name in the Device Name field.	1
Can i change the cable modem’s device name?	See the table below for antenna specifications.	0
Can i change the cable modem’s device name?	The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
Can i change the cable modem’s device name?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 10 seconds. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
Can i change the cable modem’s device name?	M6100-3S distributed fabric speed is 480 Gbps inter-module. Each slot provides 8 x 10G unidirectional access to the backplane (80G half-duplex and 160G full-duplex per slot).	0
Can i change the cable modem’s device name?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
"Can i change the username ""admin"" of the router?"	No, the option to the change the username of the router is not available. However, you can change the password to access the router's interface.	1
"Can i change the username ""admin"" of the router?"	"1. ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
"Can i change the username ""admin"" of the router?"	* Make sure the WLAN LED is green. If it is not green color, move WNCE2001 closer to your AP.	0
"Can i change the username ""admin"" of the router?"	Guest network is a feature of the router. Once the device is set to AP, the guest network will be disabled.	0
"Can i change the username ""admin"" of the router?"	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection.	0
"Can i change the username ""admin"" of the router?"	Yes, it supports jumbo frames up to 9,216 bytes.	0
Can i close the laptop lid and still use intel wireless display?	"Yes, use the ""change what closing the lid does"" behavior in the power options control panel setting to ""do nothing""."	1
Can i close the laptop lid and still use intel wireless display?	The DC113A cradle will improve the antenna performance on your connected mobile hotspot by ~5dB. This will be noticeable on your device when the device is in poor to medium signal strength (between 1 and 3 bars, typically). If there is absolutely no signal where you are, the cradle can’t help. Conversely, if the cradle is right next to the cell tower and has full bars, the cradle can’t improve that either. However, if you are somewhere between no signal and full bars, the cradle will definitely improve signal strength.	0
Can i close the laptop lid and still use intel wireless display?	Customers must use the AC762S with an active SIM card which can be purchased from a mobile operator in your country. Data plan fees apply, and are sold directly by the mobile operator.	0
Can i close the laptop lid and still use intel wireless display?	When plugged into a the lower terminal of vertical two socket wall outlet, the PLP1200 may interfere with some, larger plugs. However, almost all 2 prong plugs and many 3 prong plugs will still fit.	0
Can i close the laptop lid and still use intel wireless display?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
Can i close the laptop lid and still use intel wireless display?	The remote control button usage depends on the channel you are viewing. The UP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT/OK and Home buttons are the common remote control buttons. The red/green/yellow/blue remote control buttons are used by VUDU, firmware upgrade notifications, and network configuration. Please follow the on screen notes to use those buttons.	0
Can i close the laptop lid and still use wireless display?	Closing the laptop lid might put the system to sleep or turn it off and, as a result, close the connection. To prevent this from happening, from Windows select  START > SEARCH, type  CLOSING LID in the search field, and change the settings to  DO NOTHING.	1
Can i close the laptop lid and still use wireless display?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
Can i close the laptop lid and still use wireless display?	* Move WN31000RP closer to your router.	0
Can i close the laptop lid and still use wireless display?	1. Verify that the NTV550 unit is powered on. Note that after plugging in the unit, the unit remains off until you press the Power button on the front of the unit, right side.	0
Can i close the laptop lid and still use wireless display?	This depends on the memory available on the router. For example, if you have other features enabled like address reservation, firewall rules, it will add up to the capacity on how many entries you can do for port forwarding.	0
Can i close the laptop lid and still use wireless display?	* [Set Network Access Rights to Shared Folders](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26453)	0
Can i combine some xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter to a private group and save them by a network password?	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XE103 Powerline Encryption Utility to set a network password within the group or network.	1
Can i combine some xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter to a private group and save them by a network password?	To meet the demands of today’s—and tomorrow’s—network reality, NETGEAR developed Dynamic QoS. Dynamic Qos gives the Nighthawk X4 the intelligence to deliver quality of service that is both application and device aware.	0
Can i combine some xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter to a private group and save them by a network password?	UPOE (Universal Power over Ethernet) is not an IEEE standard: UPOE was brought to market by Cisco® but its physical and LLDP specifications have been used by third-parties for interoperability, for instance via UPOE LLDP TLV, an 802.3 organizationally specific TLV. To power a UPOE PD device, all four pairs are used to deliver up to 30W + 30W = 60W per RJ45 Gigabit port. More generally, UPOE can deliver any PSE wattage up to 60W per port, when PoE+ is limited to 30W PSE maximum. When a XCM8948 blade (48 x 1G RJ45) or XCM8944 blade (40 x 1G RJ45, 2 x SFP+, 2 x 10GBASE-T) is equipped with XCM89UP UPOE daughter card, it is backward compatible with standard PoE (15.4W) and PoE+ (30W). This means that any standard PoE (802.3af) or PoE+ (802.3at) PD device is powered without any specific configuration. NETGEAR M6100 chassis supports UPOE next-generation PD devices using UPOE LLDP TLV as the preferred method. M6100 chassis supports a second method for UPOE interoperability called forced 4-pair high power static method. A ‘PoE’ command must be issued in the CLI or the Web GUI to enable the forced 4-pair configuration. M6100 doesn’t support Cisco CDP power negotiation mechanisms and algorithms for inline power negotiation with UPOE PD devices.	0
Can i combine some xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter to a private group and save them by a network password?	ReadyNAS Vault comes pre-installed on most ReadyNAS models running RAIDiator 4.2, RAIDiator 5.3, or ReadyNAS OS 6. If you are unable to determine if your model is supported, please visit [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started) or contact us via [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/requests/new](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).	0
Can i combine some xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter to a private group and save them by a network password?	In general Powerline networks work across the circuit breakers, as long as the circuit breaker is closed. The connection between the powerline devices could be good or bad depending on the attenuation/noise level on the electrical line.	0
Can i combine some xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter to a private group and save them by a network password?	"1. Push the ""WPS and DST Router Sync"" button on the DST adapter for two seconds."	0
Can i connect my ipod to the eva700?	"Yes, simply connect the iPod's USB cable to the USB port and navigate the iPod hard drives folders until you see your music. However, you must have a ""Windows formatted iPod."" A ""Mac formatted iPod"" will not be detected properly."	1
Can i connect my ipod to the eva700?	No, the option to the change the username of the router is not available. However, you can change the password to access the router's interface.	0
Can i connect my ipod to the eva700?	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate Wi-Fi networks simultaneously using both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated Wi-Fi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
Can i connect my ipod to the eva700?	Depending on the number of power supplies and the I/O blades combination, M6100-3S chassis can provide up to 6,000W PoE budget. For instance, all 144 ports (Max 1G capacity) can provide each full PoE+ 30W per port or 41.5W UPOE power per port. Another example, up to 99 ports can provide full UPOE 60W per port.	0
Can i connect my ipod to the eva700?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
Can i connect my ipod to the eva700?	Dynamic QoS service can only detect your device if Dynamic QoS is enabled, and you are generating traffic on your network devices. You can monitor them through  ATTACHED DEVICES page.	0
Can i connect the cradle to my pc with the usb cable on the back of the cradle?	Yes, however, it will not pass the data via the USB cable, only charge. Also, typically a PC USB port will not provide sufficient charge to get full functionality of the cradle, so it is not recommended.	1
Can i connect the cradle to my pc with the usb cable on the back of the cradle?	There is no option in the GUI to perform a firmware upgrade. Firmware upgrades are done through the ISP only. NETGEAR will work with the ISP to push down firmware through their network. No action is needed from customers regarding firmware upgrade.	0
Can i connect the cradle to my pc with the usb cable on the back of the cradle?	Yes, the XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Can i connect the cradle to my pc with the usb cable on the back of the cradle?	The key benefits of beamforming are:	0
Can i connect the cradle to my pc with the usb cable on the back of the cradle?	UserName: admin	0
Can i connect the cradle to my pc with the usb cable on the back of the cradle?	First, look at the power LED on the front panel of the devices. Both units should be lit solid green or fast blinking. If the bridge side is not connected to the AP, the bridge unit will blink 3 times and repeat that pattern. Once the bridge LED shows connected to AP, you can use the “Config Assistant” tool to find all WNHDE111 devices that are connected in the network. If you bought a bundle, they should connect with each other out of box after plugging one to the router. If the two devices do not connect to each other, press the WPS button on both units (within 2 minutes of the first press), they should connect to each other in a few minutes.	0
Can i control ntv550 remotely?	You can control the NTV550 from your PC or any connected device with a Web browser:	1
Can i control ntv550 remotely?	Many discs have copy protection mechanisms that prevent playback on Intel Wireless Display before software version v2.1.0.0. However, personal content you have burned to a disc will play.	0
Can i control ntv550 remotely?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter (rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Can i control ntv550 remotely?	Closing the laptop lid may put the system to sleep or turn it off and, as a result, close the connection. To change this, from Windows select Start > Search, type Closing the lid in the search field, and change the settings to do nothing.	0
Can i control ntv550 remotely?	NETGEAR home routers support PPPoA and PPPoE encapsulation. IPoA (IP over ATM) is not supported.	0
Can i control ntv550 remotely?	R6300 Wi-Fi Router and A6200 USB Wi-Fi adapter support Beamforming+ through firmware upgrade. R6200, R6250, D6300 & D6200 also support Beamforming+. Firmware upgrades are available now. Beamforming+ is enabled by default.	0
Can i disable the standby mode on pl1200?	You cannot disable standby mode (sleep mode). There are no plans add this feature at this time.	1
Can i disable the standby mode on pl1200?	* The device has one power LED.	0
Can i disable the standby mode on pl1200?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router’s USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly.	0
Can i disable the standby mode on pl1200?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
Can i disable the standby mode on pl1200?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	0
Can i disable the standby mode on pl1200?	Yes, the XAV1004 support port-based and user service based Q0s	0
Can i disable the standby mode plp1200?	You cannot disable standby mode (sleep mode). There are no plans add this feature at this time.	1
Can i disable the standby mode plp1200?	[How can I disable private home shares?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21457)	0
Can i disable the standby mode plp1200?	"* Select ""No, I want to configure the Internet connection myself."" option on the wizard page and click """"Next""""."	0
Can i disable the standby mode plp1200?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i disable the standby mode plp1200?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Can i disable the standby mode plp1200?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
Can i display different content on the tv while i'm using my laptop?	Yes. To display different content, change the screen display setting on your computer to extend mode.	1
Can i display different content on the tv while i'm using my laptop?	To upgrade your router firmware, see [Installing the latest firmware on a NETGEAR router](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23442)	0
Can i display different content on the tv while i'm using my laptop?	WEP and WPA-PSK [TKIP] (for 54Mbps only)	0
Can i display different content on the tv while i'm using my laptop?	"It is considered ""best practice"" to make a current backup of any and all critical/important data prior to performing any firmware update."	0
Can i display different content on the tv while i'm using my laptop?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Can i display different content on the tv while i'm using my laptop?	The default wireless mode on DGN3500 is Up to 270Mbps.	0
Can i display different content on the tv while i’m using my laptop?	Yes, you need to change your screen display setting to extend mode.	1
Can i display different content on the tv while i’m using my laptop?	It supports a maximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
Can i display different content on the tv while i’m using my laptop?	No, The XAVB6504 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Can i display different content on the tv while i’m using my laptop?	The frequencies used by XAV5201 are in the range of 2MHz to 68MHz.	0
Can i display different content on the tv while i’m using my laptop?	If user use 11n wireless adapters to connect with D6300, the maximum connection speed he have is the same as maximum connection speed that 11n wireless adapters has. Because 11n wireless adapters did not have 11ac link rate.	0
Can i display different content on the tv while i’m using my laptop?	If user use 11n wireless adapters to connect with D6300, the maximum connection speed he have is the same as maximum connection speed that 11n wireless adapters has. Because 11n wireless adapters did not have 11ac link rate.	0
Can i downgrade to 6.4.0 or below? if not, why?	NETGEAR strongly recommends that you always use the latest ReadyNAS firmware.	1
Can i downgrade to 6.4.0 or below? if not, why?	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support port auto negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	0
Can i downgrade to 6.4.0 or below? if not, why?	 The distance (200 feet) from the existing router is too far, thinking that there is also interference. Using a wireless powerline adapter is another option.	0
Can i downgrade to 6.4.0 or below? if not, why?	a. Virus and spam definitions are constantly updated by NETGEAR ProSECURE Labs employees and your appliance will update itself on an hourly basis by default.	0
Can i downgrade to 6.4.0 or below? if not, why?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX3800. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX3800. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
Can i downgrade to 6.4.0 or below? if not, why?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
Can i download firmware from internet and upgrade my unit?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem router products, your cable provider is responsible for pushing the firmware upgrade to your unit after they have certified it.	1
Can i download firmware from internet and upgrade my unit?	The EVA8000 can access your PC, Mac, Linux or NAS servers directly. The EVA8000 doesn't require ANY UPnP server (except for DRM content) and we recommend that you do not use UPnP, since this will be slower and make several features not work as well.	0
Can i download firmware from internet and upgrade my unit?	The frequencies used by XAVB5001 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	0
Can i download firmware from internet and upgrade my unit?	If you use 802.11ac wireless devices to connect to R6220, the maximum connection link rate is 867Mbps. To take full advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	0
Can i download firmware from internet and upgrade my unit?	The DGN3500 has internal antennas adjusted to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Can i download firmware from internet and upgrade my unit?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	0
Can i download firmware from the internet and upgrade my modem?	No, manual firmware upgrade is not supported on cable modem products. Your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware for your modem. Firmware upgrades for modems take place automatically through your internet connection.	1
Can i download firmware from the internet and upgrade my modem?	In main GUI page, click in ‘settings’ icon and then click on ‘network’ to configure your network type. Before doing so, please make sure your current connection is disconnect; otherwise, the list will be gray out and you won’t be able to edit it until you disconnect the current connection. And without the SIM card inert in the dongle, you will not be able to change the default setting as well (gray-out)	0
Can i download firmware from the internet and upgrade my modem?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Can i download firmware from the internet and upgrade my modem?	Wireless-N draft 802.11n version 2.0: The 802.11n standard will be the next generation of high-speed Wi-Fi, capable of delivering the range and capacity to support today's most bandwidth-hungry applications, like streaming HD (High Definition) video, voice and music. The IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers) Task Group-N committee is still working to finalize the standard. It is currently expected to be ratified in July of 2009. In the mean time, the WiFi Consortium is certifying Wireless-N products against the draft 2.0 revision of the standards. This creates a de-facto standard in the market that users can take advantage of. NETGEAR Wireless-N products are all WiFi certified.	0
Can i download firmware from the internet and upgrade my modem?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i download firmware from the internet and upgrade my modem?	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change, SSID, WPA Keys, etc.) will be reset to original factory default values.	0
Can i download firmware image from internet and upgrade my unit?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem products, your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware image to your unit after they have certified it.	1
Can i download firmware image from internet and upgrade my unit?	7 smart internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	0
Can i download firmware image from internet and upgrade my unit?	"Follow the Installation Guide or user manual to make sure the correct connection among your PC, the router and the modem. Configure your PC to obtain the IP address automatically. By default, the router's IP address is 192.168.1.1. Try to Ping the 192.168.1.1 from your PC. If the PING works, launch the web browser and type in http://192.168.1.1 or http://www.routerlogin.net to access the router. The default login id is ""admin"", and the password is ""password"". The ""CD-less Installation Wizard"" of the router can help to automatically detect the Internet connection. Please refer to the Reference Manual."	0
Can i download firmware image from internet and upgrade my unit?	Sometimes the spotlight channels do not work due to the channel partner having revised their web site. We will keep monitoring and improving the channels to minimize the effects of these changes.	0
Can i download firmware image from internet and upgrade my unit?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
Can i download firmware image from internet and upgrade my unit?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Can i download image (firmware) from internet and upgrade my unit?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem products, your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the image to your unit after the cable provider certifies an image release.	1
Can i download image (firmware) from internet and upgrade my unit?	* The device has one power LED.	0
Can i download image (firmware) from internet and upgrade my unit?	You can access the GUI by accessing http://192.168.100.1 from a web browser. Please make sure the PC has an IP address in the range of 192.168.100.x. The login name is “admin” and password is “password”.	0
Can i download image (firmware) from internet and upgrade my unit?	Even though the CMD31T is a DOCSIS 3.0 certified cable modem, it is also backwards compatible with DOCSIS 2.0.	0
Can i download image (firmware) from internet and upgrade my unit?	No, the router login username cannot be changed. Only the admin password can be changed.	0
Can i download image (firmware) from internet and upgrade my unit?	DGND3700 product is a powerful and full featured DSL router with a Dual core processor to handle the most computation intensive tasks easily. It simultaneously supports Wi-Fi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
Can i fix the delay in the cursor?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter and click Properties.	1
Can i fix the delay in the cursor?	When a new PL1200 firmware is available, a firmware upgrade tool will be posted on the NETGEAR website.	0
Can i fix the delay in the cursor?	The frequencies used by XAVB6504 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Can i fix the delay in the cursor?	No, this is not necessary.	0
Can i fix the delay in the cursor?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7’s AutoConfig (XP’s Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	0
Can i fix the delay in the cursor?	After you reset the unit to its factory default settings, the set-up changes that you did (e.g., password change) will be rest to original factory default values.	0
Can i have multiple powerline networks on the same electrical wiring?	Yes, using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. However, the overall throughput is shared by the multiple networks.	1
Can i have multiple powerline networks on the same electrical wiring?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i have multiple powerline networks on the same electrical wiring?	Yes, the C6300 supports OpenDNS Live Parental Controls (LPC).	0
Can i have multiple powerline networks on the same electrical wiring?	No, your DM111PSPv2 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
Can i have multiple powerline networks on the same electrical wiring?	The EX7000 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the extender. You can use wireless device to connect to the default SSID 'NETGEAR_EXT' without security first. Then open EX7000 Web GUI. You can refer to the IG Card or booklet that comes with gift box for more details.	0
Can i have multiple powerline networks on the same electrical wiring?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Can i install it on any device with a usb port?	No, the adapter requires drivers and is only compatible with Windows computers (check the product page for the latest available software for your device).	1
Can i install it on any device with a usb port?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device and see if it works.	0
Can i install it on any device with a usb port?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Can i install it on any device with a usb port?	Yes.	0
Can i install it on any device with a usb port?	Your USB drive might require external power. The NeoTV 350 USB ports provide only 5 volts and 500 mA.	0
Can i install it on any device with a usb port?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router. Users can put the switch either at “wireless” or “wired” position depending on the use scenario. “Wired” position is selected if the Internet is reachable from a wired connection, for instance, by a DSL modem or another router’s LAN port. Otherwise, “wireless” position is preferred if a user wants to share a Hotspot wireless connection among various wireless devices.	0
Can i leave my netgear router on all the time, or do i need to turn it off when i no longer need my internet connection?	You can leave the NETGEAR router on all the time. There is no need to turn the router off.	1
Can i leave my netgear router on all the time, or do i need to turn it off when i no longer need my internet connection?	Do not use channel ranges 52-64 and 100-144.	0
Can i leave my netgear router on all the time, or do i need to turn it off when i no longer need my internet connection?	AC329U supports up to 21.6Mbps @ Downlink and 5.76Mbps @ uplink. The detail spec as shown below: HSPA+ (21 Mbps), HSUPA (5.76 Mbps), UMTS (384 Kbps), EDGE (237 Kbps), GPRS (85.6 Kbps)	0
Can i leave my netgear router on all the time, or do i need to turn it off when i no longer need my internet connection?	You can access the GUI by accessing http://192.168.100.1 from a web browser. Please make sure the PC has an IP address in the range of 192.168.100.x. The login name is “admin” and password is “password”.	0
Can i leave my netgear router on all the time, or do i need to turn it off when i no longer need my internet connection?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an airplay device ready, such as Apple TV or airplay ready receivers.	0
Can i leave my netgear router on all the time, or do i need to turn it off when i no longer need my internet connection?	Please note that the firmware version before v1.0.0.34 (initial release) only supports Traffic Meter for WAN types on PPPoE or PPTP mode. Traffic Meter for WAN type with DHCP or Static IP mode will be supported on future FW release.	0
Can i manage my pl1200 via software?	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	1
Can i manage my pl1200 via software?	You can connect your NeoTV Streaming Player to your broadband Internet connection either wired or wirelessly (Wi-Fi). You may need a network router or access point if your Cable/DSL modem does not have free ports or wireless support.	0
Can i manage my pl1200 via software?	The DGND3700v2 does not support multiple PVC and/or IGMP.	0
Can i manage my pl1200 via software?	EEE (Energy Efficient Ethernet) is an IEEE standard of 802.3az, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
Can i manage my pl1200 via software?	* Please ensure you have set the uplink bandwidth speed correctly. We recommend testing the uplink bandwidth speed by going to [www.speedtest.net](http://www.speedtest.net/) and running this test on a wired client with no other internet traffic on other client devices.	0
Can i manage my pl1200 via software?	"Follow the Installation Guide or user manual to make sure the correct connection among your PC, the router and the modem. Configure your PC to obtain the IP address automatically. By default, the router's IP address is 192.168.1.1. Try to Ping the 192.168.1.1 from your PC. If the PING works, launch the web browser and type in [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://www.routerlogin.net](http://www.routerlogin.net) to access the router. The default login id is ""admin"", and the password is ""password""."	0
Can i manage my plp1200 via software?	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	1
Can i manage my plp1200 via software?	The maximum speed for both 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands is upto 300Mbps.	0
Can i manage my plp1200 via software?	Place your Arlo camera within 300 feet of your Wi-Fi router. This distance can vary depending on obstacles such as concrete or stucco walls, metallic barriers, or Wi-Fi interference.	0
Can i manage my plp1200 via software?	720p and 1080i.	0
Can i manage my plp1200 via software?	Yes, the XAVB2001 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Can i manage my plp1200 via software?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i mute my laptop and still watch videos with sound?	Yes. Even if your laptop has sound muted, the sound for the media you are playing will play on your TV.	1
Can i mute my laptop and still watch videos with sound?	The NETGEAR ProSAFE M6100 Chassis Switch consists of Gigabit access layer and 10 Gigabit distribution layer switches in the NETGEAR modular chassis switch product line.	0
Can i mute my laptop and still watch videos with sound?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
Can i mute my laptop and still watch videos with sound?	The M6100-3S chassis comes with a rack-mount kit and complimentary handles for 2-post racks and wiring cabinets. The M6100-3S chassis also comes with sliding rails for 4-post racks and wiring/server cabinets.	0
Can i mute my laptop and still watch videos with sound?	The NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses 2 antennas. The transmit function uses up to 2 antennas and the receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
Can i mute my laptop and still watch videos with sound?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz.	0
Can i mute my notebook and still watch videos with sound?	Yes. This is the default setting for Intel Wireless Display. (Note: recommend deleting this Q&A as it's not necessary. Recommend substituting the question below instead).	1
Can i mute my notebook and still watch videos with sound?	 XAV1401V1: To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1401 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
Can i mute my notebook and still watch videos with sound?	The SSID and the wireless password are printed at the bottom of the router.	0
Can i mute my notebook and still watch videos with sound?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
Can i mute my notebook and still watch videos with sound?	1. NTV550 can associate cover art, description, and other media “metadata” with videos. Spending a few minutes to “tag” your media will result in a richer browsing experience. You can tag media using NETGEAR Tag Tool, or you can use third party software. In general, tagging media means creating a “.TAG” file that has the same name as the media, and contains the media metadata and cover art. NETGEAR TagTool can create and edit .TAG files easily. Alternatively, if you want only cover art, you can add .JPG covers to your videos by placing a JPG file in the same folder as the video, named identically to the video. If you have multiple videos in a folder and you want them to use the same cover, add a “folder.jpg” in the folder.	0
Can i mute my notebook and still watch videos with sound?	To reset your device to factory settings, on your screen navigate to Setup/System and select Factory Default.	0
Can i partition the wireless lan into separate domain?	Yes DGN3500 supports up to 4 SSID. Each SSID can configure to have different password	1
Can i partition the wireless lan into separate domain?	The D500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
Can i partition the wireless lan into separate domain?	No, the router login username cannot be changed. Only the admin password can be changed.	0
Can i partition the wireless lan into separate domain?	If your client has good wifi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	0
Can i partition the wireless lan into separate domain?	It is not currently supported (driver v1.2). It will be supported on future driver release.	0
Can i partition the wireless lan into separate domain?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5602 configuration utility.	0
Can i play music while watching a photo slideshow?	Yes! Go to the Music menu and start playing a song playlist. While the music is playing, you can go to the Photos menu and start playing your slideshow with the music in the background.	1
Can i play music while watching a photo slideshow?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 145Mbps or 300Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
Can i play music while watching a photo slideshow?	The choice is usually determined by your local telecommunication service provider. By choosing different plans offered by your service provider, an ADSL or a VDSL line is provided to you.	0
Can i play music while watching a photo slideshow?	No.	0
Can i play music while watching a photo slideshow?	"Yes. Use the Windows key + P shortcut to select ""extend mode"". You must position the application you want to watch on the TV to the extended display (e.g. drag Windows Media Player past the right edge of the screen until it appears on your TV)."	0
Can i play music while watching a photo slideshow?	The user name is admin, and the default password is password. Both are case-sensitive.	0
Can i play protected content that i downloaded?	The Digital Entertainer HD is compatible with most protected content which uses the Microsoft Windows Media DRM formats and with iTunes protected audio files (.M4P). To play these formats you will need a PC with Windows Media Player 11, or a Viiv PC for WMDRM files, and a Windows PC with iTunes for Windows for iTunes protected audio files.	1
Can i play protected content that i downloaded?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3800B firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
Can i play protected content that i downloaded?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
Can i play protected content that i downloaded?	NETGEAR is currently working on a much more feature rich QoS feature which will be available on a later firmware release in early Q1 2015.	0
Can i play protected content that i downloaded?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
Can i play protected content that i downloaded?	When you set up your router and are connected to the Internet, the router automatically checks for you to see if newer firmware is available. In addition, the router supports automatic firmware upgrades. The router checks for updated firmware and alerts you if an update is available.	0
Can i plug my powerline adapter into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power upplies (ups) or extension cord?	No. NETGEAR does not recommend using power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords with Powerline products. These devices filter out some or all of the high frequency signals used in Powerline communications. Connecting a Powerline to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers, or block communications entirely.	1
Can i plug my powerline adapter into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power upplies (ups) or extension cord?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
Can i plug my powerline adapter into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power upplies (ups) or extension cord?	For Charter customers only: If you are a new customer or if you switched to the New Package Pricing after June 26, 2012, you have to use the modem provided by Charter. However, if you were a customer before June 26, 2012 and are told that Charter does not accept customer-owned modems, please escalate your case to the customer support manager and ask to have your modem activated.	0
Can i plug my powerline adapter into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power upplies (ups) or extension cord?	The D6400 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D6400 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, significantly more features such NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	0
Can i plug my powerline adapter into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power upplies (ups) or extension cord?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, SSID and strong Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) data encryption/authentication is automatically configured.	0
Can i plug my powerline adapter into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power upplies (ups) or extension cord?	Arlo Q cameras use the following bandwidth when they are streaming:	0
Can i plug the dst6501 into a power strip?	NO! The DST6501 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	1
Can i plug the dst6501 into a power strip?	* [Create a Shared Folder](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26488)	0
Can i plug the dst6501 into a power strip?	1. Physically connect the USB hard drive to your Mac	0
Can i plug the dst6501 into a power strip?	8 internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	0
Can i plug the dst6501 into a power strip?	Powercycle both R6300 routers as well as the gaming system to get a DHCP assigned IP.	0
Can i plug the dst6501 into a power strip?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use.	0
Can i plug the r7300 into a power strip?	No, the R7300 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	1
Can i plug the r7300 into a power strip?	It is an acronym of Just a Bunch of Disks. There is no Raid configured and the user will utilize the disk as they were single disks.	0
Can i plug the r7300 into a power strip?	Under the default settings of the N450, open your browser (IE/Chrome/Firefox/Safari) and enter the URL [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) to access GUI. The default account is admin/password.	0
Can i plug the r7300 into a power strip?	"1. Push the ""WPS and DST Router Sync"" button on the DST adapter for two seconds."	0
Can i plug the r7300 into a power strip?	Guest wireless networks are enabled and configured in “Wireless Guest Network” page of GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
Can i plug the r7300 into a power strip?	In User Management > Authentications, enter the correct LDAP or RADIUS settings.	0
Can i send a sms?	No, while receiving SMS messages is supported, this device does not support sending SMS messages.	1
Can i send a sms?	Not currently.	0
Can i send a sms?	Please check whether you have a DECT cordless phone. If so, please make sure its base station is not within 3 feet (1 meter) of the router, otherwise, their signals will get mixed and you’ll experience connection issues to the router.	0
Can i send a sms?	DGND3700 automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the Internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
Can i send a sms?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Can i send a sms?	* Please connect to WN2000RPT through wired, and log in at http://www.mywifiext.net, and check the wireless setting page.	0
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wi-fi signal?	No, the C6300 does not currently support this feature.	1
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wi-fi signal?	No. XAV5001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wi-fi signal?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wi-fi signal?	No, the adapter requires drivers and is only compatible with computers using one of the following operating systems. Windows 7 (32/64-bit), Vista, XP.	0
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wi-fi signal?	Yes, the WNR2000v4 support this feature. For more information including how to enable this feature see our [Parental Controls](http://www.netgear.com/lpc#) page.	0
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wi-fi signal?	The initial graphics driver that shipped with the vendor laptops(version 8.15.10.1995) has a known issue where the video will flicker. This has been fixed by the graphics team in the later builds. Please download latest graphics driver update from the laptop vendors web site.	0
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wifi signal?	No. This device does not support this feature.	1
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wifi signal?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA3100v2.	0
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wifi signal?	Yes, DGN3500 supports Wireless Distribution System (WDS). However, WDS compatibility across different platforms can be problematic.	0
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wifi signal?	Yes, please download it from the NETGEAR SUPPORT web site.	0
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wifi signal?	That means PR2000 does not recognized your USB storage. It may have interoperability issue, or the power source of PR2000 is not enough to provide current to the storage.	0
Can i set up a schedule to turn on/off the wifi signal?	Any video is scaled to the default for your display (whatever you set it to). The aspect ratio is changeable on the fly (hit zoom key), and you can zoom in/out on the video itself with Pg+/- and pan using the arrow keys.	0
Can i setup more than one logical powerline network on the same electrical wiring?	Using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	1
Can i setup more than one logical powerline network on the same electrical wiring?	1. Download the zipped firmware	0
Can i setup more than one logical powerline network on the same electrical wiring?	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide best performance with WNA3100M.	0
Can i setup more than one logical powerline network on the same electrical wiring?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i setup more than one logical powerline network on the same electrical wiring?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks; this takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
Can i setup more than one logical powerline network on the same electrical wiring?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device and see if it works.	0
Can i simultaneously connect to my 5ghz wifi while connected to the ptv3000?	 Yes.	1
Can i simultaneously connect to my 5ghz wifi while connected to the ptv3000?	No, the cable router should automatically be provisioned by the service provider. Please contact your service provider if the unit is unable to connect online.	0
Can i simultaneously connect to my 5ghz wifi while connected to the ptv3000?	No, the adapter requires drivers and is only compatible with Windows computers (check the product page for the latest available software for your device).	0
Can i simultaneously connect to my 5ghz wifi while connected to the ptv3000?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Can i simultaneously connect to my 5ghz wifi while connected to the ptv3000?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 145Mbps or 300Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
Can i simultaneously connect to my 5ghz wifi while connected to the ptv3000?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3700.	0
Can i still watch cable tv while using my cable modem?	Yes, your cable TV line can carry the TV signal while you send and receive information on the Internet.	1
Can i still watch cable tv while using my cable modem?	ReadySHARE AirMusic lets you play music wirelessly from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Android device. The music is played on audio speakers, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system. Please visit the links below for more information:	0
Can i still watch cable tv while using my cable modem?	Because the M6100 series is designed upon an innovative “distributed fabric” which removes the need for a dedicated supervisory module, while providing a passive backplane, redundant fabric and redundant management – all with non-stop forwarding world-class resiliency and availability. As a result, all four M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) are equipped with dedicated hardware and software high-end distributed fabric on board. When inserted in Slot 1, any I/O blade will handle the Supervisory Role. When inserted in Slot 2, any I/O blade will handle the Back-up Supervisory role. It brings simplicity for management and maintenance or upgrades, while providing better availability and resiliency than any competitive solution in this price range.	0
Can i still watch cable tv while using my cable modem?	When this happens, please go to Advanced -> Wireless Settings and select “11 b/g/n Mixed mode”. This will provide the best overall performance when there are both b/g and n clients on the network. Note while b/g clients should see better performance, that n clients will see lower performance than if the AP was configured for a pure 11n network.	0
Can i still watch cable tv while using my cable modem?	Make sure your PC is connected to the WiFi Booster by using the SSID and the passphrase that you have just set up, and clicking the Refresh button in your browser. This will return you to the Smart Wizard.	0
Can i still watch cable tv while using my cable modem?	It's down-converted to whatever the resolution is that you're using. If you're set to 720p component, it's down-converted to 720p. If you're using 480i NTSC, then it's down-converted to 480i NTSC.	0
Can i still watch cable tv while using my emta?	Yes, your cable TV line can carry the TV signal while you send and receive information on the Internet.	1
Can i still watch cable tv while using my emta?	DGND3700 product is the most powerful and full featured DSL router compared to any DSL wireless router in the market today. With a Dual core processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
Can i still watch cable tv while using my emta?	* The update process is completed when the onscreen progress bar completes. During the firmware update, the Power LED blinks amber. After the firmware update is done, the router restarts and the Power LED illuminates solid amber.	0
Can i still watch cable tv while using my emta?	The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, 5GHz is a less interference prone wireless frequency, so it is more suitable to run time sensitive applications like video or voice. We encourage you to utilize the 5GHz band with devices that support 5GHz band like iPad/iPhone 5 etc.	0
Can i still watch cable tv while using my emta?	The XAV5004 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected.	0
Can i still watch cable tv while using my emta?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i transfer an image from a tablet to a vga projector via miracast?	 It should be possible as long as you are using a HDMI to VGA HDCP compliant adapter.	1
Can i transfer an image from a tablet to a vga projector via miracast?	The LEDs from top to bottom represent the status of Power/System, Ethernet, and Wireless.	0
Can i transfer an image from a tablet to a vga projector via miracast?	The maximum possible throughput is 175 Mbps. Real performance may significantly vary depending on the distance between the devices, the quality of the cabling and other factors.	0
Can i transfer an image from a tablet to a vga projector via miracast?	WPS supports WPA/WPA2 security, if your Router is using WEP security you will need to walk through the Extender Genie setup.	0
Can i transfer an image from a tablet to a vga projector via miracast?	"Yes. Use the Windows key + P shortcut to select ""projector only"" mode. This will shut off the notebook screen to deliver best viewing experience in a dark room."	0
Can i transfer an image from a tablet to a vga projector via miracast?	No. XAVB2001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Can i turn the notebook screen off/black so i can just enjoy the content on my tv?	"Yes. Use the Windows key + P shortcut to select ""projector only"" mode. This will shut off the notebook screen to deliver best viewing experience in a dark room."	1
Can i turn the notebook screen off/black so i can just enjoy the content on my tv?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
Can i turn the notebook screen off/black so i can just enjoy the content on my tv?	Yes, but not all. Please check the router's user manual for its features and capabilities.	0
Can i turn the notebook screen off/black so i can just enjoy the content on my tv?	D6200 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Can i turn the notebook screen off/black so i can just enjoy the content on my tv?	WNDAP350 dual band access point can be best viewed at resolutions 1260x1024 or above.	0
Can i turn the notebook screen off/black so i can just enjoy the content on my tv?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
Can i update my readynas directly to 6.4.0?	RN102 & RN104 systems running firmware older than 6.2.1 should first update to [6.2.5](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29498). Then update from 6.2.5 to 6.4.0.	1
Can i update my readynas directly to 6.4.0?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i update my readynas directly to 6.4.0?	* Press the reset button on the button until the Power light blinks. This takes about 7~10 seconds. (To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.)	0
Can i update my readynas directly to 6.4.0?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Can i update my readynas directly to 6.4.0?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5601 Configuration utility.	0
Can i update my readynas directly to 6.4.0?	R6900 supports 2.4GHz + 256 QAM Wi-Fi. Current market availability does not yet support 256 QAM. When available, R6900 users can take immediate advantage of the speed boost.	0
Can i upgrade firmware on the c3000/c3700?	There is no option available in the GUI to upgrade firmware for the C3000/C3700. The firmware upgrade is done automatically through your internet service provider. They will push the firmware through their network. No action is needed by the customer.	1
Can i upgrade firmware on the c3000/c3700?	Yes. After inserting the new drive, you can access the Stora interface and select JBOD or RAID1 to fully configure the new drive. As always, it is recommended to backup your data first just in case.	0
Can i upgrade firmware on the c3000/c3700?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i upgrade firmware on the c3000/c3700?	Using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Can i upgrade firmware on the c3000/c3700?	Once you successfully connect to the WiFi Booster from a computer that is outside the range of your existing router and log into  WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, the Smart Wizard will guide you through the process to connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router. If the Link Rate is red or the Smart Wizard simply cannot connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router, please move the WiFi Booster closer to the existing router or to a different spot where it provides a better line of sight. As you are moving the WiFi Booster, continue to check the Link Rate and the PC to WiFi Booster Connection LEDs on the front panel until you find a location where either one of the conditions in Question 1 is met. Note that you may have to unplug the WiFi Booster as you move it to a different location. If so, from the new location, power up the WiFi Booster and continue to check the LEDs.	0
Can i upgrade firmware on the c3000/c3700?	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change, SSID, WPA Keys, etc.) will be reset to original factory default values.	0
Can i upgrade firmware on the n450?	There is no option available in the GUI to upgrade firmware for the N450. The firmware upgrade is done automatically through your internet service provider. They will push the firmware through their network. No action is needed by the customer.	1
Can i upgrade firmware on the n450?	To access the NETGEAR genie user interface, you will need to log into the modem.	0
Can i upgrade firmware on the n450?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAV1004 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Can i upgrade firmware on the n450?	Either one is fine. Both units come in with “Auto” mode, they will correctly set itself to AP mode when plugging behind the router.	0
Can i upgrade firmware on the n450?	The power consumption of XAV5101 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 4.5 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Can i upgrade firmware on the n450?	When there is a new firmware, the NeoTV Streaming Player prompts the user that there is a newer firmware available when the unit powers up, or wakes up from standby. Please follow the on screen instruction to press the yellow remote control button, and then press OK to perform firmware upgrade.	0
Can i use a ex6200 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	 The distance (200 feet) from the existing router is too far, thinking that there is also interference. Using a wireless powerline adapter is another option.	1
Can i use a ex6200 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	It should work as long as it is a static IP address. Just make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the Internet, whether it is IPv4 or IPv6. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have the plus or premium account.	0
Can i use a ex6200 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	 CPU TYPE             Intel Atom SOC   Intel Atom SOC                 Marvell ARM SOC	0
Can i use a ex6200 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	"1. Push the ""WPS and DST Router Sync"" button on the DST adapter for two seconds."	0
Can i use a ex6200 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	Before you start your DSL installation:	0
Can i use a ex6200 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	A6200 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6200 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac also provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
Can i use a ex7000 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	 The distance (200 feet) from the existing router is too far, thinking that there is also interference. Using a wireless powerline adapter is another option.	1
Can i use a ex7000 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	If your client has good wifi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	0
Can i use a ex7000 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘diagnostics” to get what you need.	0
Can i use a ex7000 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	Yes, WPN824 can double its range by setting it up in a Repeater mode.	0
Can i use a ex7000 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	We recommend the following Netgear SFP modules:	0
Can i use a ex7000 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	When a new PL1000 firmware is available, a firmware upgrade tool will be posted on the NETGEAR website.	0
Can i use a phone usb cable or power adapter to operate my arlo q camera?	We recommend that you use the USB cable and power adapter that came with your Arlo Q camera. Different USB cables or power adaptors might not be able to provide stable or enough power to Arlo Q.	1
Can i use a phone usb cable or power adapter to operate my arlo q camera?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to Airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an Airplay device ready, such as Apple TV or Airplay ready receivers.	0
Can i use a phone usb cable or power adapter to operate my arlo q camera?	NETGEAR WNR2000v3 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	0
Can i use a phone usb cable or power adapter to operate my arlo q camera?	Yes, the EVA9000 can access NAS devices directly. ( NOTE: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA9000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
Can i use a phone usb cable or power adapter to operate my arlo q camera?	NETGEAR strongly recommends that you always use the latest ReadyNAS firmware.	0
Can i use a phone usb cable or power adapter to operate my arlo q camera?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) data encryption and authentication.	0
Can i use an ex7300/ex6400 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	The distance you can space the EX7300/EX6400 away from your router will vary from home to home. Walls, electronics, and pipes between the router and the extender can significantly decrease the range of your router's WiFi signals. We suggest you place the EX7300/EX6400 half way between your router and your dead spot.	1
Can i use an ex7300/ex6400 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	The EVA8000 can play directly through SMB/CIFS – so no PC needed.	0
Can i use an ex7300/ex6400 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	You can use these ports to connect a flash drive, or a USB external drive (hard drive), or a larger personal USB drive that is powered separately.	0
Can i use an ex7300/ex6400 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	The key benefits of beamforming are:	0
Can i use an ex7300/ex6400 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	Many factors will affect the ability to make out specific details such as facial features - chief among them, how close to the camera the subject is and how fast the subject is moving. VueZone cameras are not high definition.	0
Can i use an ex7300/ex6400 to connect wifi devices 200 feet away from my existing router?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 150Mbps” at 2.4GHz.	0
Can i use an extender and a powerline on a single router? will it have conflicts with that kind of setup?	Yes, it is possible. There are no conflicts with that kind of setup.	1
Can i use an extender and a powerline on a single router? will it have conflicts with that kind of setup?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Can i use an extender and a powerline on a single router? will it have conflicts with that kind of setup?	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
Can i use an extender and a powerline on a single router? will it have conflicts with that kind of setup?	Unfortunately, the WNR2000v5 does not support jumbo frames.	0
Can i use an extender and a powerline on a single router? will it have conflicts with that kind of setup?	[Can I attach a USB 2.0 Hub to ReadyNAS USB Port?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21524)	0
Can i use an extender and a powerline on a single router? will it have conflicts with that kind of setup?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Can i use any of the vuezone mounting accessories with the night vision camera?	Yes. All three VueZone mounts (wall, window, table) are compatible with the Night Vision Camera.	1
Can i use any of the vuezone mounting accessories with the night vision camera?	No, ASP150W cannot be used in other M4300 models.	0
Can i use any of the vuezone mounting accessories with the night vision camera?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Can i use any of the vuezone mounting accessories with the night vision camera?	To reset your router to factory defaults, see [Restoring a NETGEAR home router to the factory default settings](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/9665)	0
Can i use any of the vuezone mounting accessories with the night vision camera?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Can i use any of the vuezone mounting accessories with the night vision camera?	* 24 copper 10/100/1000Mbps RJ-45 Ethernet ports	0
Can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	No, unfortunately the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	1
Can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	WNDA3100 is in the process of applying the DFS (Dynamic Frequency Selection) certification at various regions worldwide. At this time, please configure your 5GHz router running at non-DFS channels. The non-DFS channels for US are channel 36-48 and 149-161. The non-DFS channels for Europe are channel 36 to channel 48.	0
Can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WPN824N, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network.	0
Can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
Can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	 POWER                  Solid Green: Power is supplied to the router.                                                                                                                                                                                              Solid Red: POST (Power-On Self-Test) failure or device malfunction                                                                        Off: No power is supplied to the router	0
Can i use hard drives from 3rd party rather than those provided by netgear?	No. Only drives purchased from NETGEAR can be used in RDD516. These drives have been extensively tested to guarantee best quality. Spare drives can be purchased from NETGEAR in case of disk failure.	1
Can i use hard drives from 3rd party rather than those provided by netgear?	It currently does not support multi pvc as described. It may be a product limitation of NETGEAR home devices at the moment.	0
Can i use hard drives from 3rd party rather than those provided by netgear?	Yes, the XAV5201 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
Can i use hard drives from 3rd party rather than those provided by netgear?	The default IP address is 192.168.5.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default credentials “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
Can i use hard drives from 3rd party rather than those provided by netgear?	No, your DGND3700v2 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
Can i use hard drives from 3rd party rather than those provided by netgear?	Yes, the C6300 does support IPv6.	0
Can i use my current 3g netgear device on the 4g mobile broadband network?	 NO, you will need to purchase a 4G device to take advantage of the 4G network. However, you will still be able to use your existing 3G devices for the foreseeable future on a 3G network.	1
Can i use my current 3g netgear device on the 4g mobile broadband network?	No. This cannot be configured on home routers.	0
Can i use my current 3g netgear device on the 4g mobile broadband network?	The Reset button is on the bottom of the unit. Use a paper clip to press and hold the  RESET button for 10 seconds.	0
Can i use my current 3g netgear device on the 4g mobile broadband network?	During normal operation, the XAV2602 automatically goes into power saving mode when the Ethernet link is down for 10 minutes. While in power saving mode, the XAV2602 will leave the power saving mode when the Ethernet link is back.	0
Can i use my current 3g netgear device on the 4g mobile broadband network?	Yes, the PL1000 support QoS (it will leave the packets untouched keeping the prioritization).	0
Can i use my current 3g netgear device on the 4g mobile broadband network?	Using other antennas with the R7300 is not recommended. There is not a list of compatible external antennas.	0
Can i use my digital entertainer without an intel viiv technology enabled pc?	Yes, the Digital Entertainer comes bundled with Microsoft Windows Media Connect, which can serve various media files for playback on the Digital Entertainer.	1
Can i use my digital entertainer without an intel viiv technology enabled pc?	No, the adapter requires drivers and is only compatible with Windows computers (check the product page for the latest available software for your device).	0
Can i use my digital entertainer without an intel viiv technology enabled pc?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Can i use my digital entertainer without an intel viiv technology enabled pc?	It is 15 Amp for GR and FR, 14 Amp for NA and 12 Amp for UK.	0
Can i use my digital entertainer without an intel viiv technology enabled pc?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only the music files are supported.	0
Can i use my digital entertainer without an intel viiv technology enabled pc?	That means Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. Please try to plug the USB storage device into other USB port, and see if it works.	0
Can i use my own antennas on the r7000?	We do not have a list of compatible external antennas. The antenna spec is a dual band antenna, 2DBi for both 2.4GHz and 5GHz. Please check with FCC regulation regarding using higher gain antennas. We do not recommend using other antennas with the R7000.	1
Can i use my own antennas on the r7000?	The supported operating systems are Windows 7 (32/64-bit), Vista, XP.	0
Can i use my own antennas on the r7000?	If you powered on the hotspot before activating it, do the following:	0
Can i use my own antennas on the r7000?	A6100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
Can i use my own antennas on the r7000?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drive. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the JNR3210 (please note that JNR3000 does not support USB port) at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
Can i use my own antennas on the r7000?	It should work as long as it is a static IP address. Make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the Internet, whether it is IPv4 or IPv6. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have the plus or premium account.	0
Can i use my own antennas on the r7300?	Using other antennas with the R7300 is not recommended. There is not a list of compatible external antennas.	1
Can i use my own antennas on the r7300?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WNR2000v2, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network.	0
Can i use my own antennas on the r7300?	No. D500 does not support function such as parental control, QoS, and etc. So, these functions will not work on the Desktop genie. However, some basic functions such as changing SSID/password will still work.	0
Can i use my own antennas on the r7300?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Can i use my own antennas on the r7300?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Can i use my own antennas on the r7300?	External antennas are sold separately. Please check [http://www.netgear.com/service-providers/products/mobile/mobile-hotspots/mimo-antenna.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/service-providers/products/mobile/mobile-hotspots/mimo-antenna.aspx)	0
Can i use other usb cable instead of the usb cradle in the giftbox?	We don’t suggest it but you can use other USB3.0 cable to connect A6210 to your computer. there are something important to highlight that 1. Please don’t use USB2.0 cable. If you use USB2.0 cable, A6210 can’t function as USB3.0 device. 2. Please don’t use too long USB3.0 cable because it will make too large voltage drop to let computer can’t detect A6210.	1
Can i use other usb cable instead of the usb cradle in the giftbox?	The  NIGHTHAWK X4 R7500 ROUTER has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side of the router.	0
Can i use other usb cable instead of the usb cradle in the giftbox?	A6210 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6210 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6210 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6210 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
Can i use other usb cable instead of the usb cradle in the giftbox?	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
Can i use other usb cable instead of the usb cradle in the giftbox?	No SDK at this time.	0
Can i use other usb cable instead of the usb cradle in the giftbox?	 The distance (200 feet) from the existing router is too far, thinking that there is also interference. Using a wireless powerline adapter is another option.	0
Can i use powerline adapters with powerstrips or surge protectors?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	1
Can i use powerline adapters with powerstrips or surge protectors?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i use powerline adapters with powerstrips or surge protectors?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Can i use powerline adapters with powerstrips or surge protectors?	This is a different routing setup which is more of a classical routing. It is recommended to confirm it with the ISP to know what type of device they would support for this kind of setup or you can use one of the business line routers of NETGEAR to compare what device you would need.	0
Can i use powerline adapters with powerstrips or surge protectors?	In a typical situation where signal strength is improved, the data throughput will also be improved. However, there are many factors and variables impacting data speeds such as amount of traffic on the network, number of people connecting to the same network cell, the type of data you are accessing, etc. So, it also possible that in some circumstances the signal on the device is significantly improved, but the data speeds will remain the same. Most often this is when the network is slow and even the weaker signal is getting maximum throughput.	0
Can i use powerline adapters with powerstrips or surge protectors?	The default IP address is 192.168.5.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default credentials “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
Can i use the ac762s without an active data plan?	No, the AC762S does not work without a paid data plan. Data plan and the associated SIM card can be purchased from a mobile operator in your area.	1
Can i use the ac762s without an active data plan?	Since the computer is the one acting as a DLNA server, then it would be the media player of the computer that would help with the detection of the MKV file. You can play different file formats depending on the codec used by the media player.	0
Can i use the ac762s without an active data plan?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i use the ac762s without an active data plan?	The power consumption of XAV2001 is 4 Watts in 110V AC and 5 Watts in 220V AC .	0
Can i use the ac762s without an active data plan?	That means the Nighthawk WiFi Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. Please try to plug the USB storage device into other USB port, and see if it works.	0
Can i use the ac762s without an active data plan?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. GSS116E supports the Auto DoS but GSS108E doesn’t.	0
Can i use the aircard 785 without an active data plan?	No, the AC785 does not work without a paid data plan. Data plan and SIM card can be purchased from a mobile operator in your area.	1
Can i use the aircard 785 without an active data plan?	Visit [http://readycloud.netgear.com](http://readycloud.netgear.com) on a computer that is on the same local area network (LAN) and Internet connection as your ReadyNAS system. If your computer does not have Internet access, install and run the RAIDar utility instead. RAIDar is on the resource CD that came with your system.	0
Can i use the aircard 785 without an active data plan?	Please make sure you have install service pack 2 or higher on your computer. XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Config is in used to configure your wireless adapter rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard, then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Can i use the aircard 785 without an active data plan?	Arlo Wire-Free cameras are weatherproof and battery powered. You can use Arlo Wire-Free cameras both indoors and outdoors.	0
Can i use the aircard 785 without an active data plan?	The frequencies used by PL1200 are in the range of 2MHz to 68MHz.	0
Can i use the aircard 785 without an active data plan?	There are three built-in connections in this device, the ADSL port, two Ethernet ports, and the N300 (300Mbps) WiFi. That combination is all one needs to get Internet connection via a DSL service, and share that Internet connection with multiple WiFi devices, such as notebook computers, Smartphones, tablets, etc. The Ethernet connector is for devices that do not have built-in WiFi but still need to get on to the Internet.	0
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection.	1
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA3100. Please make sure to have the latest firmware and drivers for the products.	0
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet?	The 2 USB ports are USB 2.0 and no difference with both.	0
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, and Broadcast Storm Filtering.	0
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet? can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	No, DM200 only allows you to use VDSL/ADSL port as a WAN port.	1
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet? can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	DGND3800B not only come integrated with the DSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet? can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an airplay device ready, such as Apple TV or airplay ready receivers.	0
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet? can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	* Available virtually anywhere for broadband users [Coverage Map](http://network4g.verizonwireless.com/#!/coverage/)	0
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet? can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	Yes. Indoors the video will be in color and appear normal. Outside - in sunlight - the video will also be in color, but the color will be washed out or muted, and some colors may be distorted.	0
Can i use the ethernet port to connect to the internet? can i use both the dsl internet connection and the ethernet connection at the same time?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i use the eva as a nas?	We do not support the EVA as a NAS. You'll find the EVA's server performance is not up to par with actual NAS devices. The hard drive option is provided for the following purposes:	1
Can i use the eva as a nas?	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support Flow Control.	0
Can i use the eva as a nas?	To ensure the maximum performance at 5GHz between WNDA3100v2 and Linksys WRT600N, please configure your Linksys router to use a higher channel number on the wide channel than the standard channel number when operating in Wide-40MHz channel. The Radio Band of Wide – 40MHz channel means the router is functioning at HT 40 mode. Set the wide channel to 46 and standard channel to 44 – 5.220GHz to see the maximum 5GHz performance between WNDA3100v2 and WRT600N. If your Linksys router is running at HT20 mode (20MHz channel) then there is no manual setting required to achieve high throughput between the two products.	0
Can i use the eva as a nas?	Guest network is a feature of the router. Once the device is set to AP, the guest network will be disabled.	0
Can i use the eva as a nas?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
Can i use the eva as a nas?	Yes. 2 skins are included by default, and others can be added to the data save location and loaded onto the EVA.	0
Can i use the netgear aircard app with the smart cradle?	The NETGEAR AirCard App is NOT designed to work with the AirCard Smart Cradle.	1
Can i use the netgear aircard app with the smart cradle?	No, ReadyNAS Vault is file-level backup. You can select specific directories to include (or exclude) and apply different rules regarding versions, archives, and scheduling to each backup job.	0
Can i use the netgear aircard app with the smart cradle?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Can i use the netgear aircard app with the smart cradle?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can i use the netgear aircard app with the smart cradle?	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	0
Can i use the netgear aircard app with the smart cradle?	Please note that the firmware version before v1.0.0.34 (initial release) only supports Traffic Meter for WAN types on PPPoE or PPTP mode. Traffic Meter for WAN type with DHCP or Static IP mode will be supported on future FW release.	0
Can i use the powerline utility or the genie software on my mac to manage my powerline device?	Unfortunately, there are no Mac drivers available at this time. Neither Mac genie or the old Powerline Utility will be able to correctly display your device. Bear in mind that genie or the Powerline Utility are just optional software and they are not really needed for the installation.	1
Can i use the powerline utility or the genie software on my mac to manage my powerline device?	TCP connections is also limited by the PC. In reality, it does not matter how many concurrent sessions the router can support. If the PC cannot support enough sessions, regardless of how many sessions the router can support, that number can never be reached. The limitation on the PC is always a lot less that what the router can support.	0
Can i use the powerline utility or the genie software on my mac to manage my powerline device?	Yes. R6200 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
Can i use the powerline utility or the genie software on my mac to manage my powerline device?	The D6400 does not come with an installation CD. It has a feature called NETGEAR genie that guides you through the installation of the router.	0
Can i use the powerline utility or the genie software on my mac to manage my powerline device?	After you have successfully setup the WNR2000v3 to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	0
Can i use the powerline utility or the genie software on my mac to manage my powerline device?	* For each XAVB6504 device, press its Security button for 1.5, 5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Can i use the push 'n' connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	Yes. The Push 'N' Connect button can be used to connect the Extender to your existing router or connect your PC to the Extender. To use WPS to connect the extender to your router or your PC, first, press WN31000RP's WPS button. Within 2 minutes, press your router or your PC's WPS button.	1
Can i use the push 'n' connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Can i use the push 'n' connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of WNDR3700.	0
Can i use the push 'n' connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3800B at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
Can i use the push 'n' connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
Can i use the push 'n' connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that the Wireless Device to Extender LED is solid green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](www.mywifiext.net).	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing  router? how can i use wps button to connect to the router in both bands (2.4ghz and 5ghz)?	Yes. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can be used to connect the Extender to your existing router or connect your PC to the Extender. To use WPS to connect the extender to your router, first, press WN2500RP’s WPS button. Within 2 minutes, press your router.	1
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing  router? how can i use wps button to connect to the router in both bands (2.4ghz and 5ghz)?	WNDAP350 dual band access point can be best viewed at resolutions 1260x1024 or above.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing  router? how can i use wps button to connect to the router in both bands (2.4ghz and 5ghz)?	No, the NETGEAR Mobile Hotspot (AC762S) will only work in Europe, specifically it has been successfully tested in Italy, France, Germany, and UK.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing  router? how can i use wps button to connect to the router in both bands (2.4ghz and 5ghz)?	The power consumption of XAV1004 is 3.5 Watts at max usage. However the XAV101 has usage of 4 Watts.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing  router? how can i use wps button to connect to the router in both bands (2.4ghz and 5ghz)?	From Windows, select  START > SEARCH and in the search field type  ALLOW A PROGRAM THROUGH A WINDOWS FIREWALL. Add WiDiApp and Wireless PAN DHCP Server to the list of allowed programs. Make sure both the  PRIVATE and  PUBLIC check boxes are selected. If you are not using Windows Firewall, consult your firewall user's manual.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing  router? how can i use wps button to connect to the router in both bands (2.4ghz and 5ghz)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product .	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	Yes. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can be used to connect the Extender to your existing router or connect your PC to the Extender. To use WPS to connect the extender to your router or your PC, first, press EX2700’s WPS button. Within 2 minutes, press your router or your PC’s WPS button.	1
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	No SDK at this time.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	Yes, WPN824 can double its range by setting it up in a Repeater mode.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	QoS service works like dividing a cake among all of the guests. The total size of the cake must be known first, before a fair sharing could happen. It is recommended to use “speedtest” for more accurate internet bandwidth detection, in order to have a more optimal Dynamic QoS experience. If you Internet bandwidth changes frequently, you can run “speedtest” once a while to adjust the total bandwidth setting.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the extender to my existing router?	NETGEAR recommends at least 1.2Mbps. You might also need a router if you cannot connect the player directly to your cable or DSL modem.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the wifi booster to my existing router?	No. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can only be used to connect the PC to the WiFi Booster. See more instructions below.	1
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the wifi booster to my existing router?	No, DM200 only allows you to use VDSL/ADSL port as a WAN port.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the wifi booster to my existing router?	See the table below for antenna specifications.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the wifi booster to my existing router?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the wifi booster to my existing router?	Additional info and utility can be found at [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
Can i use the push ‘n’ connect wps button to connect the wifi booster to my existing router?	WNDA4100 can support 802.1x setting, WPA-enterprise and WPA2-enterprise. User must use Microsoft Wireless Auto Config tool (Or Wireless Zero Config tool in XP) to select the credential. Adapter genie doesn’t provide GUI page for user to select credential.	0
Can i use the r7000 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	No, the VLAN feature is currently designed to separate WAN services provided by your service provider (ISP). For example, your ISP may require this feature in order to separate Internet, IPTV, and/or telephony services. It is not meant to be used to configure the LAN side of the customer's network.	1
Can i use the r7000 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	"Yes. Use the Windows key + P shortcut to select ""projector only"" mode. This will shut off the notebook screen to deliver best viewing experience in a dark room."	0
Can i use the r7000 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	1. NTV550 supports gapless album playback for these file types: MP3, M4A, FLAC. For MP3 and M4A, NTV550 will only play gaplessly if the album name matches for all tracks. (While browsing your music, the album name is shown on the right side when you select a track.)	0
Can i use the r7000 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	For troubleshooting guidance on various NETGEAR models, see [Troubleshooting NETGEAR WiFi Range Extenders](https://kb.netgear.com/25731/Troubleshooting-NETGEAR-WiFi-Range-Extenders).	0
Can i use the r7000 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	No.	0
Can i use the r7000 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	No, the PR2000 does not support this feature.	0
Can i use the r7300 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	Yes, R7300 supports the VLAN feature for internal VLAN separation.	1
Can i use the r7300 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	1. Remove any cables connecting the modem to the computer. Plug in the modem power adapter and check the power light to ensure the modem is on.	0
Can i use the r7300 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	1. Remove any cables connecting the modem to the computer. Plug in the modem power adapter and check the power light to ensure the modem is on.	0
Can i use the r7300 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
Can i use the r7300 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	Visit [http://readycloud.netgear.com](http://readycloud.netgear.com) on a computer that is on the same local area network (LAN) and Internet connection as your ReadyNAS system. If your computer does not have Internet access, install and run the RAIDar utility instead. RAIDar is on the resource CD that came with your system.	0
Can i use the r7300 vlan feature for internal vlan separation?	No. Arlo Q cameras are powered cameras. You need to plug the camera into an electrical outlet and connect it to your Wi-Fi router.	0
Can i use wireless networking?	Yes, the Digital Entertainer HD has integrated 802.11g wireless networking. However, be aware that wireless networking will support a limited number of video streams, and cannot support “Full HD” from a TV Tuner or 1080p format HD Video downloaded files. If you experience any difficulty with wireless networking we recommend the NETGEAR HDX101 powerline networking products.	1
Can i use wireless networking?	It is not currently supported (driver v1.2). It will be supported on future driver release.	0
Can i use wireless networking?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
Can i use wireless networking?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
Can i use wireless networking?	Yes, WPN824 can double its range by setting it up in a Repeater mode.	0
Can i use wireless networking?	Active antennas are designed by NETGEAR. It improves both the Wi-Fi speed and range for Wi-Fi clients connected to the R8300. The main purposes of this design is to avoid noise from the main board from interfering with the Wi-Fi signal, and to increase power to achieve greater Wi-Fi performance and range.	0
Can my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	1
Can my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	WMC will not serve AAC files. You need to use something like the Viiv media server or Twonkyvision.	0
Can my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	The power consumption of XAV5501 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Can my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	Powerline adapters allows you to turn any electrical power outlet into a high-speed Internet and home network connection. Each Powerline network requires at least two Powerline adapters, although more can be added. The standard is called HPAV2.	0
Can my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	Please make sure the wireless radio is enabled. If it is not, you can press the WiFi on/off radio button for 2 seconds to turn it on. The WiFi on/off button is located on the front panel of the device.	0
Can my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
Can output occur on more than one interface at a time? (example: hdmi and component)	The EVA8000 is not designed to drive simultaneous outputs.	1
Can output occur on more than one interface at a time? (example: hdmi and component)	No, the QoS on the router is for Internet traffic, not layer 2 QoS in LAN side by the powerline devices.	0
Can output occur on more than one interface at a time? (example: hdmi and component)	Yes, the recovery procedure is :	0
Can output occur on more than one interface at a time? (example: hdmi and component)	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Can output occur on more than one interface at a time? (example: hdmi and component)	i. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the  RESTORE FACTORY SETTINGS button, located on the bottom of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Can output occur on more than one interface at a time? (example: hdmi and component)	We don’t suggest it but you can use other USB3.0 cable to connect A6210 to your computer. there are something important to highlight that 1. Please don’t use USB2.0 cable. If you use USB2.0 cable, A6210 can’t function as USB3.0 device. 2. Please don’t use too long USB3.0 cable because it will make too large voltage drop to let computer can’t detect A6210.	0
Can powerline be used in homes across multiple phases?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	1
Can powerline be used in homes across multiple phases?	During installation via the Web genie, R6300 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
Can powerline be used in homes across multiple phases?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
Can powerline be used in homes across multiple phases?	"Please press and hold the ""Return"" button for 3~5 seconds until the popup windows shows up."	0
Can powerline be used in homes across multiple phases?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	0
Can powerline be used in homes across multiple phases?	With firmware v1.0.4.30 or higher, the R7000 has been certified to support 5GHz band 2 and 5GHz band 3 channel which includes channel 52, 56, 60, 64, 100, 104, 108, and 112.	0
Can the ap operate in both bands simultaneously?	Yes. Unlike the WNDAP330, WNDAP350 supports concurrent 2.4 GHz band and 5 GHz band operations.	1
Can the ap operate in both bands simultaneously?	DGND3700v2 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Can the ap operate in both bands simultaneously?	There is no option available in the GUI to upgrade firmware for the C3000/C3700. The firmware upgrade is done automatically through your internet service provider. They will push the firmware through their network. No action is needed by the customer.	0
Can the ap operate in both bands simultaneously?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device and see if it works.	0
Can the ap operate in both bands simultaneously?	Yes.	0
Can the ap operate in both bands simultaneously?	"The remote control button usage depends on the channel you are viewing. UP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT/OK and ""HOME"" buttons are the common remote control buttons. The red/green/yellow/blue remote control buttons are used by VUDU, Napster, firmware upgrade notifications and network configuration. Please follow the on screen notes to use those buttons."	0
Can the d6300 support streaming using mkv files from the computer directly to the tv?	Since the computer is the one acting as a DLNA server, then it would be the media player of the computer that would help with the detection of the MKV file. You can play different file formats depending on the codec used by the media player.	1
Can the d6300 support streaming using mkv files from the computer directly to the tv?	User can configure Port LED, Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping and Broadcast Storm Filtering.	0
Can the d6300 support streaming using mkv files from the computer directly to the tv?	Yes DGN3500 supports up to 4 SSID. Each SSID can configure to have different password	0
Can the d6300 support streaming using mkv files from the computer directly to the tv?	To reset your router to factory defaults, see [Restoring a NETGEAR home router to the factory default settings](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/9665)	0
Can the d6300 support streaming using mkv files from the computer directly to the tv?	The Restore Factory Settings button is located on the bottom of the unit.While the adapter is turned on and wait until the LED turns amber and the TV screen shows “Ready for Connection”, press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button for more than 5 seconds until the LED on the front starts blinking.Release the Restore Factory Settings button and the adapter will reboot and restore factory settings.	0
Can the d6300 support streaming using mkv files from the computer directly to the tv?	R7800 support maximum backup file size up to 500GB now.	0
Can the eva8000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	Not at this time.	1
Can the eva8000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 15 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Can the eva8000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	No, the D500 does not have support for these features.	0
Can the eva8000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	The NETGEAR Mobile Hotspot (AC785) is preferred over tethering for 4 major reasons.	0
Can the eva8000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Can the eva8000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Can the eva9000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	Yes. 2 skins are included by default, and others can be added to the data save location and loaded onto the EVA.	1
Can the eva9000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	Please refer to the Installation Guide that comes along with the unit.	0
Can the eva9000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	Please see the table below for details:	0
Can the eva9000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setupâ„¢) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
Can the eva9000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	* [How to diagnose backup job failures on a ReadyNAS OS 6 system](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29829)	0
Can the eva9000 user interface be modified (changing skins etc.)?	* Make sure the WLAN LED is green. If it is not green color, move WNCE2001 closer to your AP.	0
Can the ex6100 be used as a stand alone wireless access point? does it still need a router?	No. The EX6100 set as an access point should be connected to a router. It is still the router's part to be the DHCP server.	1
Can the ex6100 be used as a stand alone wireless access point? does it still need a router?	During the installation process (via the web genie interface), the router accesses the NETGEAR web site for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the router user interface also supports auto firmware upgrade. Auto upgrade will check for the latest firmware on the NETGEAR web site every time you log into the router.	0
Can the ex6100 be used as a stand alone wireless access point? does it still need a router?	XS708E supports loop detection (not prevention). When a loop is detected, both LEDs on the affected ports will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second. Loop detection is user configurable and it is disabled by default.	0
Can the ex6100 be used as a stand alone wireless access point? does it still need a router?	The DC113A cradle works with the following devices:	0
Can the ex6100 be used as a stand alone wireless access point? does it still need a router?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
Can the ex6100 be used as a stand alone wireless access point? does it still need a router?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the D500 wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor ?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	1
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor ?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor ?	The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor ?	The key difference between 11n beamforming and 11ac beamforming is that Wi-Fi Alliance had no interoperability specification for 802.11n beamforming. The 802.11n beamforming standard was not very clearly defined, making 802.11n beamforming implementation a proprietary feature with no interoperability between different vendors.	0
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor ?	WPS is short for a Wi-Fi Protected Setup, which allows you to quickly ans securely connect to a wireless network. Without WPS, you must manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and wireless device to secure your wireless network. With WPS, the router automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor ?	Many audio receivers do not support digital audio below 96Kbps, so the workaround is for the user to connect the analog audio outputs of the EVA8000 to the analog inputs of their receiver. Switch the audio receiver to this input when listening to low bitrate audio.	0
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	1
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	JNR3210/JNR3000 provides a preset SSID (network name) and password. If you do not change the default SSID and password, you can find both on the lable of the bottom case.	0
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	TCP connections is also limited by the PC. In reality, it does not matter how many concurrent sessions the router can support. If the PC cannot support enough sessions, regardless of how many sessions the router can support, that number can never be reached. The limitation on the PC is always a lot less that what the router can support.	0
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 300Mbps link rate.	0
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	No, DM200 only allows you to use VDSL/ADSL port as a WAN port.	0
Can the my powerline network be accessible from my neighbor?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	0
Can we access the router settings via command line interface? does it have debug functions?	The DGND3700 does not have debug functions and there is no way of accessing it via command line.	1
Can we access the router settings via command line interface? does it have debug functions?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX3800. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX3800. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
Can we access the router settings via command line interface? does it have debug functions?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
Can we access the router settings via command line interface? does it have debug functions?	Yes, the Mobile Hotspot is secure.Only users with the Wi-Fi key can connect over Wi-Fi, and Wi-Fi security is pre-set to mixed WPA/WPA2	0
Can we access the router settings via command line interface? does it have debug functions?	* Press the reset button on the button until the Power light blinks. This takes about 7~10 seconds. (To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.)	0
Can we access the router settings via command line interface? does it have debug functions?	For streaming video, it is recommended that only one of the links be wireless, either the Digital Entertainer to the router or your media server to the router.	0
Can we assign two different vpi and vci values on the d6300 (multiple pvc)?	It currently does not support multi pvc as described. It may be a product limitation of NETGEAR home devices at the moment.	1
Can we assign two different vpi and vci values on the d6300 (multiple pvc)?	* The update process is completed when the onscreen progress bar completes. During the firmware update, the Power LED blinks amber. After the firmware update is done, the router restarts and the Power LED illuminates solid amber.	0
Can we assign two different vpi and vci values on the d6300 (multiple pvc)?	The default IP address is 192.168.1.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
Can we assign two different vpi and vci values on the d6300 (multiple pvc)?	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	0
Can we assign two different vpi and vci values on the d6300 (multiple pvc)?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
Can we assign two different vpi and vci values on the d6300 (multiple pvc)?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	0
Can we change dtim interval, beacon interval and nat timeout on the r6300v2?	There is no option to change the stated settings on home routers.	1
Can we change dtim interval, beacon interval and nat timeout on the r6300v2?	You have to reset the WN802T-200 back to factory settings and login using the default login name and password, which are “admin” and “password”	0
Can we change dtim interval, beacon interval and nat timeout on the r6300v2?	Yes, the XAVB1101 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
Can we change dtim interval, beacon interval and nat timeout on the r6300v2?	Yes, we can play back iTunes music. If you purchased songs on iTunes, you will need to have a Windows PC authorized to play these songs available on your home network when you try to play the protected songs.	0
Can we change dtim interval, beacon interval and nat timeout on the r6300v2?	No, DM200 only allows you to use VDSL/ADSL port as a WAN port.	0
Can we change dtim interval, beacon interval and nat timeout on the r6300v2?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Can we close the dns port on the r6100 router?	NETGEAR home routers can block services and domain names but not the actual port.	1
Can we close the dns port on the r6100 router?	* [How do I create a ReadyNAS Vault Account?](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208283016-Register-for-a-ReadyNAS-Vault-Account)	0
Can we close the dns port on the r6100 router?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Can we close the dns port on the r6100 router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can we close the dns port on the r6100 router?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
Can we close the dns port on the r6100 router?	EEE (Energy Efficient Ethernet) is an IEEE standard of 802.3az, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
Can we setup flingo queue?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	1
Can we setup flingo queue?	If this is first time installing the R7300 with the DST6501 add-on, power on the R7300 and DST6501 first, so they will all be connected by the default DST encryption key. You can then install them through NETGEAR genie.	0
Can we setup flingo queue?	NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses two dipole antennas mounted inside the router case. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments; users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Can we setup flingo queue?	Dynamic QoS is a feature that tries to best utilize the current bandwidth and allocate resource to the most needed application or device. Not seeing an obvious effect, does not mean it is not working:	0
Can we setup flingo queue?	The DC113A cradle will improve the antenna performance on your connected mobile hotspot by ~5dB. This will be noticeable on your device when the device is in poor to medium signal strength (between 1 and 3 bars, typically). If there is absolutely no signal where you are, the cradle can’t help. Conversely, if the cradle is right next to the cell tower and has full bars, the cradle can’t improve that either. However, if you are somewhere between no signal and full bars, the cradle will definitely improve signal strength.	0
Can we setup flingo queue?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
Can wifi booster use a different security key and security type from my router’s setting?	Yes, WiFi Booster can use a different security key and security type from your router’s settings. WiFi Booster security type can be WPA-PSK, WPA2-PSK, WEP, or none security. Please note, only the WEP key need to consonance with your router’s setting if you chose WEP for your router and WiFi Booster. For example, if your router’s security type is WEP, security key is “1234567890”, and you also configure WiFi Booster’s security type to WEP, then the passphrase must be “1234567890”.	1
Can wifi booster use a different security key and security type from my router’s setting?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Can wifi booster use a different security key and security type from my router’s setting?	The NETGEAR ProSAFE M6100 Chassis Switch consists of Gigabit access layer and 10 Gigabit distribution layer switches in the NETGEAR modular chassis switch product line.	0
Can wifi booster use a different security key and security type from my router’s setting?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
Can wifi booster use a different security key and security type from my router’s setting?	"The R7900 is currently in AP mode. This is normal behavior. If you want to put the R7900 to router mode, please go ahead and perform a factory reset on the device. Once you go through the installation process again, please make sure to select ""No"" if you see the screen below and continue with setup."	0
Can wifi booster use a different security key and security type from my router’s setting?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
Can wireless clients connect to the xavn2001 wireless extender through wps button?	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	1
Can wireless clients connect to the xavn2001 wireless extender through wps button?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Can wireless clients connect to the xavn2001 wireless extender through wps button?	Yes. To display different content, change the screen display setting on your computer to extend mode.	0
Can wireless clients connect to the xavn2001 wireless extender through wps button?	Type in http://192.168.0.1/ in an Internet browser on a PC or MAC connected to one of the device’s 4 Ethernet ports, or connected via Wireless to the device. The URL is the factory default settings. If you change this IP setting in GUI page “LAN IP”, please record your change so that you would know the IP to access GUI page. In case, you forgot your change, you can reset the unit to factory default settings, and then access GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
Can wireless clients connect to the xavn2001 wireless extender through wps button?	No. Arlo Q cameras are powered cameras. You need to plug the camera into an electrical outlet and connect it to your Wi-Fi router.	0
Can wireless clients connect to the xavn2001 wireless extender through wps button?	D6000 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Can wnda4100 support 802.1x supplicant (wpa-enterprise or wpa2-enterprise) ?	WNDA4100 can support 802.1x setting, WPA-enterprise and WPA2-enterprise. User must use Microsoft Wireless Auto Config tool (Or Wireless Zero Config tool in XP) to select the credential. Adapter genie doesn’t provide GUI page for user to select credential.	1
Can wnda4100 support 802.1x supplicant (wpa-enterprise or wpa2-enterprise) ?	1. NTV550 supports gapless album playback for these file types: MP3, M4A, FLAC. For MP3 and M4A, NTV550 will only play gaplessly if the album name matches for all tracks. (While browsing your music, the album name is shown on the right side when you select a track.)	0
Can wnda4100 support 802.1x supplicant (wpa-enterprise or wpa2-enterprise) ?	No. XAV101v2 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV101 is only compatible with HomePlug AV devices. Besides, we don’t recommend to put XAV101v2 devices at the co-existence environment with HomePlug 1.0 adapters. The throughput will be impacted by HomePlug 1.0 adapters.	0
Can wnda4100 support 802.1x supplicant (wpa-enterprise or wpa2-enterprise) ?	NETGEAR has not finalized on how much the service fee would be. It there will ever be a fee, it would be about $4.99.	0
Can wnda4100 support 802.1x supplicant (wpa-enterprise or wpa2-enterprise) ?	The factory reset button is located on the bottom of the unit. First, locate the small hole close to the screw. The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 5 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
Can wnda4100 support 802.1x supplicant (wpa-enterprise or wpa2-enterprise) ?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only music files are supported.	0
Can wpn824 act as a repeater?	Yes, WPN824 can double its range by setting it up in a Repeater mode.	1
Can wpn824 act as a repeater?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601. XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
Can wpn824 act as a repeater?	D7000 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Can wpn824 act as a repeater?	Yes, latest version of the Desktop Genie can be downloaded from NETGEAR web site [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng).	0
Can wpn824 act as a repeater?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that both the router link LED and the client link LED are lit and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](http://kb.netgear.com/euf/rightnow/optimized/1387047160/themes/standard/www.mywifiext.net).	0
Can wpn824 act as a repeater?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid green before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid green, check the DSL connectionis connected to the DSL RJ11 port on the modem router.	0
Can xs708ev2 firmware image be upgraded into xs708e?	No. V1 firmware image is not compatible with V2 firmware image and vice versa.	1
Can xs708ev2 firmware image be upgraded into xs708e?	For the best performance from your Digital Entertainer, a wired Ethernet connection will enable HD video and high resolution photos to be streamed at the highest bitrates. Secondarily, using NETGEAR's Powerline HD product provides a next generation alternative to wireline and supports all but the most demanding HD streaming and high resolution photos. For wireless 802.11G connection, you can expect to stream standard definition video, music and standard resolution photos reliably although high network traffic and interference may cause some audio/video interruptions.	0
Can xs708ev2 firmware image be upgraded into xs708e?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can xs708ev2 firmware image be upgraded into xs708e?	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. Please find more details at [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
Can xs708ev2 firmware image be upgraded into xs708e?	Please try to update the firmware again later or on the following day.	0
Can xs708ev2 firmware image be upgraded into xs708e?	No. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can only be used to connect the PC to the WiFi Booster. See more instructions below.	0
Can you enable igmp proxy on the dgn1000v1?	This feature is not available on the DGN1000v1. It is only available on the DGN1000v3.	1
Can you enable igmp proxy on the dgn1000v1?	The WNDA3100v2 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n draft 2.0 specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNDA3100v2 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 270Mbps. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop.	0
Can you enable igmp proxy on the dgn1000v1?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the most popular applications.	0
Can you enable igmp proxy on the dgn1000v1?	During installation via the Web genie, R6200v2 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
Can you enable igmp proxy on the dgn1000v1?	This model have 5 internal antennas, 3 for 5GHz and 2 for 2.4GHz.	0
Can you enable igmp proxy on the dgn1000v1?	Depending on the product purchased, the license will either be in the form of an electronic license or a printed license key card.	0
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a 'check' led as in other netgear products. is that function combined with the power led?	Please see the table below for details:	1
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a 'check' led as in other netgear products. is that function combined with the power led?	The factory default settings for WiFi are SSID = Wireless, Security = WEP (128 bits), and WEP key is 11111111111111111111111111.	0
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a 'check' led as in other netgear products. is that function combined with the power led?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a 'check' led as in other netgear products. is that function combined with the power led?	The DGN3500 has internal antennas adjusted to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a 'check' led as in other netgear products. is that function combined with the power led?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today :	0
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a 'check' led as in other netgear products. is that function combined with the power led?	C7000 has SIP ALG enabled by default. Some of the new SIP applications may not work well with SIP ALG enabled. Please disable SIP ALG from Advanced > Setup > WAN Setup and check “disable SIP ALG”.	0
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a check led as in other netgear products, is that function combined with the power led?	Yes, please see the table below for more detail:	1
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a check led as in other netgear products, is that function combined with the power led?	* [ReadyCLOUD Permissions](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24927)	0
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a check led as in other netgear products, is that function combined with the power led?	For each XAV101 device, press its Security button for more than 10 seconds until the LED starts to blink. This generates a new, randomly generated network encryption key for each XAV101 devices. At this point, the devices cannot communicate with each other. Push the Security button on one adapter for 2 seconds, and then push the button on the second adapter for 2 seconds. Both buttons must be pushed within 2 minutes. This securely configures your Powerline network with the same network encryption key. The devices will retain security settings even if they are unplugged.	0
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a check led as in other netgear products, is that function combined with the power led?	DM200 does not support Ethernet WAN mode on LAN port 2.	0
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a check led as in other netgear products, is that function combined with the power led?	If you can log into the router, you can go to the  SETUP > WIRELESS SETTINGS page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
Can you explain the behavior of the power led? i don’t see a check led as in other netgear products, is that function combined with the power led?	"This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check ""Enable Video Network"" to avoid jitter in your wireless network."	0
Can you plug the xe103 in a 230v power socket?	Yes, XE103 support full range power 100~240V.	1
Can you plug the xe103 in a 230v power socket?	1. For fastest media browsing, add media locations on your network to the NTV550 library. Media locations that you’ve added to the library are automatically scanned for media and categorized. Once media has been categorized, you can browse it instantly from the Video, Music, and Photos menus by selecting “Browse Categories”, “Browse all NNN videos/songs”, or “Browse recently added”. You can narrow down your selections by any of the available categories, including Artist, Cast, Director, Rating, Year, Duration, etc.	0
Can you plug the xe103 in a 230v power socket?	The DGN3500 has internal antennas adjusted to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Can you plug the xe103 in a 230v power socket?	Although the R8500 is a 4x4 Wi-Fi router, there are no 4x4 Wi-Fi clients available on the market yet. However, the throughput improvement on your existing Wi-Fi client can be improved with newer Wi-Fi chipsets and the NETGEAR design active antennas. 4x4 Wi-Fi will also be very useful with MU-MIMO capability.	0
Can you plug the xe103 in a 230v power socket?	The M6100 series is covered under NETGEAR Lifetime Warranty and it includes:	0
Can you plug the xe103 in a 230v power socket?	[Can I update the ReadyNAS firmware before installing my disks?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21394)	0
Can you see facial features with the night vision camera?	Many factors will affect the ability to make out specific details such as facial features - chief among them, how close to the camera the subject is and how fast the subject is moving. VueZone cameras are not high definition.	1
Can you see facial features with the night vision camera?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the router wirelessly and be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
Can you see facial features with the night vision camera?	One possible root cause is because WNDA4100 enters scan mode. You can open “Device Manager”. Select NETGEAR N900 Wireless Dual Band USB adapter device. Then right click and choose “property”. Select Advanced page. You can see a configuration parameter called “Multimedia and gaming mode environment”. You can enable this setting. Turning on this prevents WNDA4100 from going to scan mode too often while WNDA4100 is already connected..	0
Can you see facial features with the night vision camera?	The XWNB5201 powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
Can you see facial features with the night vision camera?	"The default encryption key is ""HomePlugAV""."	0
Can you see facial features with the night vision camera?	* Press the Security button of one of the XAVB2101 units for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Can you set the dgn1000v3 in full bridge mode?	This model does not have the option to change its mode to modem only.	1
Can you set the dgn1000v3 in full bridge mode?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
Can you set the dgn1000v3 in full bridge mode?	"Follow the Installation Guide or user manual to make sure the correct connection among your PC, the router and the modem. Configure your PC to obtain the IP address automatically. By default, the router's IP address is 192.168.1.1. Try to Ping the 192.168.1.1 from your PC. If the PING works, launch the web browser and type in http://192.168.1.1 or http://www.routerlogin.net to access the router. The default login id is ""admin"", and the password is ""password"". The ""CD-less Installation Wizard"" of the router can help to automatically detect the Internet connection. Please refer to the Reference Manual."	0
Can you set the dgn1000v3 in full bridge mode?	The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
Can you set the dgn1000v3 in full bridge mode?	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide best performance with WNA3100M.	0
Can you set the dgn1000v3 in full bridge mode?	Aim the remote at the front of the NeoTV 350.	0
Can you upgrade the flash player installed on the gtv100?	No. There is no option on the GTV100 to update its flash player version.	1
Can you upgrade the flash player installed on the gtv100?	The max power consumption of the PL1000 is 3.73 watts. In standby mode it only consumes 0.49 watts.	0
Can you upgrade the flash player installed on the gtv100?	All our adapters support WPA2-enterprise. You'll need to use windows utility to use this feature. Microsoft is the 801.1x supplicant.	0
Can you upgrade the flash player installed on the gtv100?	The XAVB5501 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
Can you upgrade the flash player installed on the gtv100?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
Can you upgrade the flash player installed on the gtv100?	Yes, but not all. Please check the router's user manual for its features and capabilities.	0
Cand the wnr2000v5 support repeating function.	No, the WNR2000v5 does not support this function.	1
Cand the wnr2000v5 support repeating function.	No, the PLP1200 does not support QoS.	0
Cand the wnr2000v5 support repeating function.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Cand the wnr2000v5 support repeating function.	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
Cand the wnr2000v5 support repeating function.	For 802.11n it isn't recommended to use WPA-PSK or WEP, instead you should use WPA2-PSK for better security. Also, performance-wise, WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK. WEP is not recommended as it is least secure.	0
Cand the wnr2000v5 support repeating function.	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Cannot get itunes files to show up on the eva700. there is a section in the manual stating that “apple mpeg4 aac audio (m4a) supported.	WMC will not serve AAC files. You need to use something like the Viiv media server or Twonkyvision.	1
Cannot get itunes files to show up on the eva700. there is a section in the manual stating that “apple mpeg4 aac audio (m4a) supported.	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 150Mbps” at 2.4GHz.	0
Cannot get itunes files to show up on the eva700. there is a section in the manual stating that “apple mpeg4 aac audio (m4a) supported.	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501 and XAV1601 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
Cannot get itunes files to show up on the eva700. there is a section in the manual stating that “apple mpeg4 aac audio (m4a) supported.	NETGEAR has not finalized on how much the service fee would be. It there will ever be a fee, it would be about $4.99.	0
Cannot get itunes files to show up on the eva700. there is a section in the manual stating that “apple mpeg4 aac audio (m4a) supported.	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting XE103s to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Cannot get itunes files to show up on the eva700. there is a section in the manual stating that “apple mpeg4 aac audio (m4a) supported.	IEEE 802.11n recommends to use “Up to 145Mbps” as it causes less possible interference to your neighbor’s wireless network. However, if you really need to get higher performance and your wireless clients can support “Up to 300Mbps”, you can set it to “Up to 300Mbps” to get the maximum performance.	0
Channel 1 sata connector appears to be different from rest three channels, why?	While channel 2-4 use standard SATA connector, channel 1 uses SFF-8639 connector which supports NVMe drive. NVMe support is experimental. NETGEAR does not support it on RN3138 at this time.	1
Channel 1 sata connector appears to be different from rest three channels, why?	The R7300 supports multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
Channel 1 sata connector appears to be different from rest three channels, why?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 150Mbps support the draft 802.11N	0
Channel 1 sata connector appears to be different from rest three channels, why?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Channel 1 sata connector appears to be different from rest three channels, why?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAV5004 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Channel 1 sata connector appears to be different from rest three channels, why?	* Make sure you have added a pseudo MAC address based on your laptop MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
Config as base station mode:	1. Log in the administration web interface.	1
Config as base station mode:	,	0
Config as base station mode:	Yes, the XAVB2101 support VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
Config as base station mode:	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Config as base station mode:	No, the CMD31T does not have wireless capabilities. You will need to connect a wireless router to the CMD31T. This device is a stand-alone cable modem.	0
Config as base station mode:	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Config as wireless repeater mode:	1. Log in the administration web interface.	1
Config as wireless repeater mode:	No, PL1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible with HomePlug AV1.0.	0
Config as wireless repeater mode:	XS708Ev2 supports loop detection (not prevention). When a loop is detected, both LEDs on the affected ports will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second. Loop detection is user configurable and it is disabled by default.	0
Config as wireless repeater mode:	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the extender status LED flashes in amber.	0
Config as wireless repeater mode:	If you are using an AirPrint compatible printer, there should be no problem. If you are using the NETGEAR genie AirPrint software feature, which makes any printer appear to be AirPrint compatible , please make sure to use any Desktop genie Version 2.3.1.13 or higher.	0
Config as wireless repeater mode:	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
D6200(b) can't detect my usb drive, how can i fix it?	* D6200(B) supports FAT, FAT32, NTFS, ext2, and ext3 filesystem. If your USB drive filesystem is not in the support list, D6200(B) cannot recognize this. Please format your USB drive to FAT32 or NTFS.	1
D6200(b) can't detect my usb drive, how can i fix it?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
D6200(b) can't detect my usb drive, how can i fix it?	お使いのPCで「インターネット接続の共有」を有効にしている場合は、以下の通り無効に変更してください。	0
D6200(b) can't detect my usb drive, how can i fix it?	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
D6200(b) can't detect my usb drive, how can i fix it?	Factory reset can be accomplished by holding the hardware reset button for one second or using the software Factory Reset button via the NETGEAR genie.	0
D6200(b) can't detect my usb drive, how can i fix it?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
D6200(b) wizard cannot detect my isp settings, how can i setup the d6200(b) manually?	"1. Select ""No, I want to configure the Internet connection myself."" option on the genie Setup Wizard page and click ""Next""."	1
D6200(b) wizard cannot detect my isp settings, how can i setup the d6200(b) manually?	Yes, the XAVB5101 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
D6200(b) wizard cannot detect my isp settings, how can i setup the d6200(b) manually?	We do not have a list of compatible external antennas. The antenna spec is a dual band antenna, 2DBi for both 2.4GHz and 5GHz. Please check with FCC regulation regarding using higher gain antennas. We do not recommend using other antennas with the R7000.	0
D6200(b) wizard cannot detect my isp settings, how can i setup the d6200(b) manually?	For 802.11n and 802.11a the default is Up to 130Mbps. To change this to Up to 270Mbps log into the management interface Wireless Settings page and change the mode. For 802.11g the default is Up to 54Mpbs.	0
D6200(b) wizard cannot detect my isp settings, how can i setup the d6200(b) manually?	No.	0
D6200(b) wizard cannot detect my isp settings, how can i setup the d6200(b) manually?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB6504 configuration utility.	0
Desktop client	* [What is the ReadyCLOUD Desktop Client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29786)	1
Desktop client	Press and hold reset button on the rear panel of the modem (there is a small hole on the right side of the ADSL connector, use a pointed object) for 1 second to reset the modem.	0
Desktop client	Yes. Even if your laptop has sound muted, the sound for the media you are playing will play on your TV.	0
Desktop client	External antennas are sold separately. Please check [http://www.netgear.com/service-providers/products/mobile/mobile-hotspots/mimo-antenna.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/service-providers/products/mobile/mobile-hotspots/mimo-antenna.aspx)	0
Desktop client	Yes, the XAVB5501 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Desktop client	* [ReadyCLOUD Permissions](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24927)	0
Dgnd4000 wizard can not detect my isp settings, how can i setup the dgnd4000 manually?	"* Select ""No, I want to configure the Internet connection myself."" option on the wizard page and click """"Next""""."	1
Dgnd4000 wizard can not detect my isp settings, how can i setup the dgnd4000 manually?	Yes, ReadyDATA has 16GB of RAM rather than 4GB.	0
Dgnd4000 wizard can not detect my isp settings, how can i setup the dgnd4000 manually?	You need a base station to connect Arlo Wire-Free cameras. You don't need a base station with Arlo Q cameras. Arlo Q cameras connect directly to your Wi-Fi router.	0
Dgnd4000 wizard can not detect my isp settings, how can i setup the dgnd4000 manually?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Dgnd4000 wizard can not detect my isp settings, how can i setup the dgnd4000 manually?	If you use 802.11ac wireless devices to connect to R6220, the maximum connection link rate is 867Mbps. To take full advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	0
Dgnd4000 wizard can not detect my isp settings, how can i setup the dgnd4000 manually?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Do arlo q cameras have audio capability?	Yes. Arlo Q cameras let you listen or speak to who or what is being viewed on the camera. Arlo Q cameras employ half-duplex transmission and work similarly to walkie-talkies.	1
Do arlo q cameras have audio capability?	One bottleneck of network traffic can be when both ports on the Powerline are streaming data at the same time. The XAV2602 is designed to have two Ethernet ports: One Video port and one Data port for users to connect more network devices. That means you could utilize both ports at the same time and create heavy load traffic to the Powerline network. In that case, some packets could be dropped due to the limitation of the Powerline bandwidth. Therefore, the XAV2602 supports Port-based QoS mechanism that helps you prioritize the traffic going through the Video and Data ports at the same time. NETGEAR recommends that you connect the network devices that generate high priority traffic to the Video port. For instance, you could connect your multimedia server, router, and network-attached storage device to the Video port. It will guarantee the media streaming traffic passing through the Powerline network gets a higher priority than the traffic coming through the Data port. On the other hand, you could connect your PC to the Data port of XAV2602, as your PC does not generate heavy load traffic to the Powerline network.	0
Do arlo q cameras have audio capability?	No. This model does not have a Gigabit WAN port.	0
Do arlo q cameras have audio capability?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
Do arlo q cameras have audio capability?	No, the DST6501 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
Do arlo q cameras have audio capability?	"Launch web browser to login GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	0
Do arlo q cameras record 24/7?	Yes. To enable Arlo Q cameras to record 24/7, use the Arlo app to add the Continuous Video Recording plan to your Arlo Q camera. For more information, see [What is continuous video recording and how do I get it?](https://kb.arlo.com/1018425).	1
Do arlo q cameras record 24/7?	During installation via the Smart Wizard CD, DGND3300(B) checks the Web for the latest firmware and gives you the option to automatically install it.	0
Do arlo q cameras record 24/7?	16K.	0
Do arlo q cameras record 24/7?	Yes, the GS316 supports Port Auto-Negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	0
Do arlo q cameras record 24/7?	DDR3 1333/1600 un-buffered ECC DIMM. There are two memory slots, each supports up to 8GB memory module. RDD516 is shipped with maximum possible memory configuration.	0
Do arlo q cameras record 24/7?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
Do c3000 and c3700 supports lpc or parental control?	Yes, the C3000 and C37000 cable modem routers with the latest FW support OpenDNS Live Parental Controls. However, some ISPs are still using old firmware versions that do not support OpenDNS Live Parental Controls. If your C3000/C37000 modem router has FW older than V2.02.08 you can still use Parental Controls through the Content Filtering>Block Sites Feature.	1
Do c3000 and c3700 supports lpc or parental control?	If your ReadyNAS systems are not listed in the ReadyCLOUD portal after you complete the upgrade of your account, double check the local Admin page for the following items:	0
Do c3000 and c3700 supports lpc or parental control?	To play all the files in a list, press the PLAY/PAUSE button on the remote control. Pressing the OK button will only play the selected file.	0
Do c3000 and c3700 supports lpc or parental control?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
Do c3000 and c3700 supports lpc or parental control?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid white before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid white, make sure the DSL cable is connected to the DSL RJ11 port of the D7000 modem router.	0
Do c3000 and c3700 supports lpc or parental control?	R6300 Wi-Fi Router and A6200 USB Wi-Fi adapter support Beamforming+ through firmware upgrade. R6200, R6250, D6300 & D6200 also support Beamforming+. Firmware upgrades are available now. Beamforming+ is enabled by default.	0
Do emi and rfi protectors interfere with powerline networks?	EMI (electro-magnetic interference) and RFI (radio frequency interference) protectors most likely will block the Powerline signals.	1
Do emi and rfi protectors interfere with powerline networks?	First, make sure your computer is on DHCP. Second, make sure the PC to WiFi Booster status LED is green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, re-launch the browser and enter [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.COM](http://www.mywifiext.com). If your PC has ipv6 enabled, please disable it during installation.	0
Do emi and rfi protectors interfere with powerline networks?	We encourage you to renew your license on time to avoid any backdating penalty and take advantage of existing and new features.	0
Do emi and rfi protectors interfere with powerline networks?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Do emi and rfi protectors interfere with powerline networks?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
Do emi and rfi protectors interfere with powerline networks?	Because data traffic routed through the WiFi Booster network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing network if the connection is good enough. NETGEAR only recommends that you connect through the WiFi Booster network when the PC is in a “dead zone” where connection is very poor or non-existent from the existing network.	0
Do gss108e and gs116e support flow control?	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support Flow Control.	1
Do gss108e and gs116e support flow control?	Use this method if you have a wireless router or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
Do gss108e and gs116e support flow control?	 Yes, the NeoTV Prime uses Google TV, which uses the android platform. For more information on Google TV, you can go to the Google Developers sit at https://developers.google.com/tv/faq .	0
Do gss108e and gs116e support flow control?	The factory default settings for WiFi are SSID = Wireless, Security = WEP (128 bits), and WEP key is 11111111111111111111111111.	0
Do gss108e and gs116e support flow control?	The DST6501 DST adapter needs a router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The DST will work with wired or wireless type of routers.	0
Do gss108e and gs116e support flow control?	Yes, the GS316 supports Flow Control.	0
Do gss108e and gs116e support port auto negotiation?	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support port auto negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	1
Do gss108e and gs116e support port auto negotiation?	The XAVB5501 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
Do gss108e and gs116e support port auto negotiation?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v2. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
Do gss108e and gs116e support port auto negotiation?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Do gss108e and gs116e support port auto negotiation?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Do gss108e and gs116e support port auto negotiation?	A6200 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6200 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac also provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
Do home routers have a problem using airprintâ® on ios7 devices?	If you are using an AirPrint compatible printer, there should be no problem. If you are using the NETGEAR genie AirPrint software feature, which makes any printer appear to be AirPrint compatible , please make sure to use any Desktop genie Version 2.3.1.13 or higher.	1
Do home routers have a problem using airprintâ® on ios7 devices?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands ( 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
Do home routers have a problem using airprintâ® on ios7 devices?	You can add up to eight power line devices.	0
Do home routers have a problem using airprintâ® on ios7 devices?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGN2200 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
Do home routers have a problem using airprintâ® on ios7 devices?	Yes, WPN824N is workable under Mac OS, and you may access Internet without problem via browser Safari 1.4 higher version.	0
Do home routers have a problem using airprintâ® on ios7 devices?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (WiFi Protected Setup) Push ‘N’ Connect button:	0
Do home routers have subtitle support (.srt) for dlna?	DLNA on the routers only acts as a file server for the videos. Subtitles should be supported by the media player being used.	1
Do home routers have subtitle support (.srt) for dlna?	Press and hold the two push buttons on the side for 1 second to reset the router.Press the reset button for more than 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default settings.	0
Do home routers have subtitle support (.srt) for dlna?	By default it supports up to 20 users, each assigned a unique IP address, on a Class C network.	0
Do home routers have subtitle support (.srt) for dlna?	Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps. (Best)	0
Do home routers have subtitle support (.srt) for dlna?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 Mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
Do home routers have subtitle support (.srt) for dlna?	The D7000 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D7000 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, and significantly more features, such as the NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	0
Do home routers support ipoa connection? does it differ with pppoa?	NETGEAR home routers support PPPoA and PPPoE encapsulation. IPoA (IP over ATM) is not supported.	1
Do home routers support ipoa connection? does it differ with pppoa?	* For each XAVB5601 devices, press its Security button for >1.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Do home routers support ipoa connection? does it differ with pppoa?	DGN2200v4 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Do home routers support ipoa connection? does it differ with pppoa?	The switch running PV(R)STP transmits IEEE standard spanning tree BPDUs along with SSTP BPDUs. SSTP BPDUs are PV(R)STP dedicated BPDUs.	0
Do home routers support ipoa connection? does it differ with pppoa?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
Do home routers support ipoa connection? does it differ with pppoa?	"Download the open source package from the web site, extract the package and find the ""KWGR614_README"" text file under the directory of ""vendorsDocumentation"". This readme file describes the directory structure, the tools needed for building the router firmware, the procedure to build the router firmware, and the list of the firmware modules."	0
Do home routers support subnetted wan ip?	Yes, but only using static IP addresses.	1
Do home routers support subnetted wan ip?	1. Launch a web browser from a computer or WiFi device that is connected to the routerâ€™s network.	0
Do home routers support subnetted wan ip?	Two methods can reset the device to factory default. The first method is HW method :	0
Do home routers support subnetted wan ip?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Do home routers support subnetted wan ip?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input)	0
Do home routers support subnetted wan ip?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
Do i have to provision the cable router again if i do a factory reset?	No, the cable router should automatically be provisioned by the service provider. Please contact your service provider if the unit is unable to connect online.	1
Do i have to provision the cable router again if i do a factory reset?	* [How do I create a ReadyNAS Vault Account?](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208283016-Register-for-a-ReadyNAS-Vault-Account)	0
Do i have to provision the cable router again if i do a factory reset?	WNDA4100 can support 802.1x setting, WPA-enterprise and WPA2-enterprise. User must use Microsoft Wireless Auto Config tool (Or Wireless Zero Config tool in XP) to select the credential. Adapter genie doesn’t provide GUI page for user to select credential.	0
Do i have to provision the cable router again if i do a factory reset?	Yes, the EVA9000 can access NAS devices directly. ( NOTE: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA9000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
Do i have to provision the cable router again if i do a factory reset?	Not at this time.	0
Do i have to provision the cable router again if i do a factory reset?	First, make sure your computer is on DHCP. Second, make sure the PC to WiFi Booster status LED is green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, re-launch the browser and enter [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.COM](http://www.mywifiext.com). If your PC has ipv6 enabled, please disable it during installation.	0
Do i have to register my router for it to work?	No, you do not have to register your router for it to work. You do need to register your router in order to receive technical support, however.	1
Do i have to register my router for it to work?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Do i have to register my router for it to work?	The frequencies used by XAVB5101 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Do i have to register my router for it to work?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Do i have to register my router for it to work?	During installation via the Web genie, WNR2500 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
Do i have to register my router for it to work?	No. Universal WiFi Range Extender is designed to work as an AP/client bridge, not an access point. The proper usage of the product is to wirelessly connect the Extender to the existing router—in this case, the Extender functions as a client. On the other end, wirelessly connect the Extender to the PC—in this case, the Extender functions as an access point.	0
Do i have to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	1
Do i have to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	All of our NETGEAR ReadyNAS devices with two Ethernet ports such as model RN100/200/300/500/700 desktops series and ReadyNAS RN2000/3000/4000 rack-mount series support port aggregation. Other 3rd party storage devices that supports link aggregation will work as well.	0
Do i have to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	DGND3700 product is the most powerful and full featured DSL router compared to any DSL wireless router in the market today. With a Dual core processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
Do i have to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	Yes, the XAVB5101 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Do i have to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	a. Absolutely. You can enable this service for both HTTP and HTTPS web sites.	0
Do i have to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses two dipole antennas mounted inside the router case. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments; users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Do i need a router to use the netgear neotv streaming player?	You can connect your NeoTV Streaming Player to your broadband Internet connection either wired or wirelessly (Wi-Fi). You may need a network router or access point if your Cable/DSL modem does not have free ports or wireless support.	1
Do i need a router to use the netgear neotv streaming player?	8 internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Do i need a router to use the netgear neotv streaming player?	No, DM200 VDSL/ADSL modem is not compatible with AT&T U-verse service but it will work fine with standard AT&T DSL service.	0
Do i need a router to use the netgear neotv streaming player?	Yes, you can still access the Internet if the hotspot’s LCD screen is not lit.The LCD screen goes to sleep if there is no activity on the screen, but the WiFi radio is still active. To wake up the LCD, press and quickly release the Powerbutton.	0
Do i need a router to use the netgear neotv streaming player?	Yes. Please download the Desktop genie from here:	0
Do i need a router to use the netgear neotv streaming player?	Timemachine backup may sometimes fail due to several reasons. Please follow the criteria below to ensure that your Timemachine backup is successful.	0
Do i need batteries for my arlo q camera?	No. Arlo Q cameras are powered cameras. You need to plug the camera into an electrical outlet and connect it to your Wi-Fi router.	1
Do i need batteries for my arlo q camera?	The XAVB2001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download from the NETGEAR web site.	0
Do i need batteries for my arlo q camera?	* [Using ReadyCLOUD app for iOS to access your ReadyNAS OS 6 remotely?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24937)	0
Do i need batteries for my arlo q camera?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Do i need batteries for my arlo q camera?	Please DO NOT power off or reboot the device during firmware upgrade, otherwise, it may result to a corrupted firmware and cause the device not to work.	0
Do i need batteries for my arlo q camera?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter for the best performance?	It is recommended to buy a Wireless-N Adapter for best performance and upgrade your Wireless-G based Notebooks and desktops.	1
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter for the best performance?	Unfortunately, the WNR2000v5 does not support jumbo frames.	0
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter for the best performance?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter for the best performance?	 DO NOT power off or reboot the router during the firmware update, otherwise it may corrupt the firmware and render the router inoperable.	0
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter for the best performance?	Yes. After inserting the new drive, you can access the Stora interface and select JBOD or RAID1 to fully configure the new drive. As always, it is recommended to backup your data first just in case.	0
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter for the best performance?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter?	No; your existing adapter will work with a Wireless-N router, but you will not experience the best performance.To get the most out of a Wireless-N router, upgrade your computers and laptops to Wireless-N adapters.	1
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter?	"Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays ""error 101"" error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears."	0
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter?	During installation via the Web genie, WNDR4500 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter?	The max power consumption of PL1000 is 3.73 Watts. In standby mode it is 0.49W	0
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter?	Here are some approaches you can try.	0
Do i need to buy a new wireless adapter?	This is due to a recent update done on Microsoft Internet Explorer Windows 8.1 IE 11 ( path 11.0.10 , KB2962872 - 2014/7/8). We are working on a fix and the official firmware update will be released next week..	0
Do i need to disconnect my readycloud account from my readynas storage system or nighthawk router before upgrading?	No, this is not necessary.	1
Do i need to disconnect my readycloud account from my readynas storage system or nighthawk router before upgrading?	Yes, the XAVB6504 does support Standby mode for power saving by a slide switch.	0
Do i need to disconnect my readycloud account from my readynas storage system or nighthawk router before upgrading?	NETGEAR WNR2000v2 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	0
Do i need to disconnect my readycloud account from my readynas storage system or nighthawk router before upgrading?	N450 means the maximum WiFi speed of the router.	0
Do i need to disconnect my readycloud account from my readynas storage system or nighthawk router before upgrading?	* Dual Band mode: Duo 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz configuration supporting 802.11n/802.11a (5 GHz) and 802.11g/ 802.11b (2.4 GHz)	0
Do i need to disconnect my readycloud account from my readynas storage system or nighthawk router before upgrading?	The best connection is established when there is a clear line of sight between the WiFi Booster and the computer you are using. If this straight path is blocked by a thick wall or other materials, move the WiFi Booster to a different location that is equal distance between the Booster and the existing router. If after trying out several spots and the computer is still not able to connect to the Booster, move the Booster closer to the PC as instructed in Question 2.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the ex2700?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router. The EX2700 does not use the WPS protocol to connect to your router. If your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it, please follow the FAQ 7 to complete the installation.	1
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the ex2700?	No. Only drives purchased from NETGEAR can be used in RDD516. These drives have been extensively tested to guarantee best quality. Spare drives can be purchased from NETGEAR in case of disk failure.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the ex2700?	You can add up to eight power line devices.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the ex2700?	EMI (electro-magnetic interference) and RFI (radio frequency interference) protectors most likely will block the Powerline signals.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the ex2700?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV101v2 configuration utility. The NETGEAR XAV101v2 configuration utility is posted on XAV101v2 product page.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the ex2700?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using two options:	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wifi booster?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router. WiFi Booster does not use WPS protocol to connect to your router.	1
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wifi booster?	USB port is USB 2.0 spec.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wifi booster?	No, manual firmware upgrade is not supported on cable modem products. Your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware for your modem. Firmware upgrades for modems take place automatically through your internet connection.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wifi booster?	The top of the wireless router includes a dome with status lights that identify the status of the selected option you chose for either Wireless data status (default), Guest Network status, Live Parental Controls status, or Broadband Usage Meter status. You can select your preferred option in router’s GUI	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wifi booster?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wifi booster?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today :	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn2000rpt?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router.	1
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn2000rpt?	Yes, the XAVB5101 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn2000rpt?	Your ReadyNAS can be accessed from any computer (Mac/Windows/Linux), tablet, smartphone, or web browser. You can access your data using built-in operating system file managers (Finder, MyComputer, etc), mobile applications (Android, iOS), or any internet device with a web browser via our ReadyCLOUD portal.. Your files can be accessed from remote locations without the need to setup complicated VPNs, configure firewalls, or ever know an IP address. ReadyNAS matches the way you want to use and access your data. There is nothing new to learn.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn2000rpt?	No, your DGND3700v2 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn2000rpt?	The frequencies used by XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn2000rpt?	Please follow below steps to configure.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn31000rp?	No. You don't need to change anything on your router. WN31000RP does not use WPS protocol to connect to your router. If your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it, please follow the FAQ 13 to complete the installation.	1
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn31000rp?	The resource CD that comes with the product will provide a step-by-step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard utility (or Windows Zero Config, Vista’s Auto Config, Windows 7 WCN) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instruction on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide or User Reference manual on NETGEAR web site for more information.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn31000rp?	Please follow below steps to configure.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn31000rp?	None of the home routers support SNMP.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn31000rp?	ReadyNAS Vault uses the port 443, the standard https port. So, as long as you can browse the web securely, no new ports need to be opened.	0
Do i need to enable wds on my router when i install the wn31000rp?	"Yes, you can access the Stora web GUI from your local LAN by opening a web browser and entering ""http://IP_Address/?local=1""."	0
Do i need to purchase a subscription to enable the anti-virus feature?	The ReadyNAS OS 6 device protects user data by scanning all files as they are written to the NAS. This includes scanning for virus, malware, and Trojans. The user does not need to subscribe or pay an additional fee for this feature. All the user needs to do is enable it in the System - Settings page.	1
Do i need to purchase a subscription to enable the anti-virus feature?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac, and Linux (not iPhone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
Do i need to purchase a subscription to enable the anti-virus feature?	It is actually optional to enable the streaming database. According to the manual, the router automatically checks for updates for the streaming database, downloads and installs them.	0
Do i need to purchase a subscription to enable the anti-virus feature?	Because data traffic routed through the Extender network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing	0
Do i need to purchase a subscription to enable the anti-virus feature?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Do i need to purchase a subscription to enable the anti-virus feature?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac and a few other container / tag formats.	0
Do i need to select a display mode every time i use intel wireless display?	"No. The default setting is ""duplicate"" mode. If you change the display mode, Windows will remember the last display mode used for subsequent Intel Wireless Display uses. E.g. if your last display mode was ""projector only"", your notebook screen will be black the next time you use Intel Wireless Display."	1
Do i need to select a display mode every time i use intel wireless display?	The Nighthawk WiFi Router boosts WiFi speeds on 2.4 GHz with support for 256 QAM. This is a specific mode-Turbo QAM supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more WiFi clients based on 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure that even when you connect on the 2.4 GHz band with these 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
Do i need to select a display mode every time i use intel wireless display?	That means  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. If you plug USB storage before router power on, please re-test again, but this time please plug USB storage after router is system ready (Power LED is in white color), and see if it works.	0
Do i need to select a display mode every time i use intel wireless display?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3800B.	0
Do i need to select a display mode every time i use intel wireless display?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Do i need to select a display mode every time i use intel wireless display?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Do i need to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem/eMTA. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	1
Do i need to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
Do i need to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	C6300 is a dual band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device’s capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	0
Do i need to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	To go to POWER OFF(power saving mode), push and hold the Security/Power button for 5 – 10 seconds. Pressing the button again for less than 2 seconds returns it to POWER ON(normal mode).	0
Do i need to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	The WN3500RP cannot check to see if the WEP passphrase is correct. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless device is not able to get the IP address from the WN3500RP. You must reset the WN3500RP to the factory defaults to get the IP address back.	0
Do i need to subscribe to cable tv to get cable internet access?	The C6300 USB 2.0 port supports 700 mA of power. Connecting USB HDD to the USB 2.0 port that requires more than 700 mA of power will require an external power supply.	0
Do netgear home routers support a 3rd party nas?	Any Network Storage device can be connected to the NETGEAR Router's Ethernet port. Just make sure that it is getting a valid IP address from our router so it will be visible from the network. Mapping or accessing the files from the NAS using a computer is beyond NETGEAR's support scope. Please refer to the manufacturer of the NAS for additional assistance.	1
Do netgear home routers support a 3rd party nas?	DM111PSPv2 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Do netgear home routers support a 3rd party nas?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
Do netgear home routers support a 3rd party nas?	No; your existing adapter will work with a Wireless-N router, but you will not experience the best performance.To get the most out of a Wireless-N router, upgrade your computers and laptops to Wireless-N adapters.	0
Do netgear home routers support a 3rd party nas?	Please make sure you have install service pack 2 or higher on your computer. XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Config is in used to configure your wireless adapter (rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard) , then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Do netgear home routers support a 3rd party nas?	The EVA8000 is not designed to drive simultaneous outputs.	0
Do netgear home routers support snmp?	None of the home routers support SNMP.	1
Do netgear home routers support snmp?	[How and when do I use the Advanced Options tab?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21456)	0
Do netgear home routers support snmp?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
Do netgear home routers support snmp?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Do netgear home routers support snmp?	No. XAV101v2 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV101 is only compatible with HomePlug AV devices. Besides, we don’t recommend to put XAV101v2 devices at the co-existence environment with HomePlug 1.0 adapters. The throughput will be impacted by HomePlug 1.0 adapters.	0
Do netgear home routers support snmp?	No. XAVB5501 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Do netgear home routers support voip through naked adsl2+?	Naked ADSL2+ is a DSL connection that uses the full bandwidth of the phone line, leaving none for traditional telephone calls. VoIP calls can still be made, by connecting a VoIP phone to an ethernet port on the LAN side of the NETGEAR router.	1
Do netgear home routers support voip through naked adsl2+?	WNDR3400v3 has 1 USB 2.0 port.	0
Do netgear home routers support voip through naked adsl2+?	Please check whether you have a DECT cordless phone. If so, please make sure its base station is not within 3 feet (1 meter) of the router, otherwise, their signals will get mixed and you’ll experience connection issues to the router.	0
Do netgear home routers support voip through naked adsl2+?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAU2511 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Do netgear home routers support voip through naked adsl2+?	That means PR2000 does not recognized your USB storage. It may have interoperability issue, or the power source of PR2000 is not enough to provide current to the storage.	0
Do netgear home routers support voip through naked adsl2+?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
Do the r7300 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	The R7300 supports multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	1
Do the r7300 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Do the r7300 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	Some approaches may help you to get a higher link rate and throughput in your environment:	0
Do the r7300 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
Do the r7300 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, 5GHz is a less interference prone wireless frequency, so it is more suitable to run time sensitive applications like video or voice. We encourage you to utilize the 5GHz band with devices that support 5GHz band like iPad/iPhone 5 etc.	0
Do the r7300 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	Please note that the firmware version before v1.0.0.34 (initial release) only supports Traffic Meter for WAN types on PPPoE or PPTP mode. Traffic Meter for WAN type with DHCP or Static IP mode will be supported on future FW release.	0
Do these three speeds coexist with each other ? do they interoperate with each other ?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today :	1
Do these three speeds coexist with each other ? do they interoperate with each other ?	It will work as long as it is a static IP address. Make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the internet. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have a plus or premium account.	0
Do these three speeds coexist with each other ? do they interoperate with each other ?	If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use Microsoft AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the client GUI while the AP is in unconfigured mode and your PC pops up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Do these three speeds coexist with each other ? do they interoperate with each other ?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
Do these three speeds coexist with each other ? do they interoperate with each other ?	 XAV1401V1: To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1401 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
Do these three speeds coexist with each other ? do they interoperate with each other ?	WPS is short for a Wi-Fi Protected Setup, which allows you to quickly ans securely connect to a wireless network. Without WPS, you must manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and wireless device to secure your wireless network. With WPS, the router automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today :	1
Do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	No, your DGN2200v4 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
Do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	Yes, the GS316 supports Flow Control.	0
Do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	One possibility is that you didn’t set your AP/Router to “Up to 300Mbps” or “20/40MHz” or “Auto” mode. The max link rate of WNA1100 is 150Mbps at 40MHz mode because of this is 1 x 1 solution.	0
Do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	Please try to update the firmware again later or on the following day.	0
Do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Do we have powerline adapters that support ieee 802.3af poe?	NETGEAR does not have powerline adapters that uses power over Ethernet.	1
Do we have powerline adapters that support ieee 802.3af poe?	No. This cannot be configured on home routers.	0
Do we have powerline adapters that support ieee 802.3af poe?	You have 2 options: let the wizard detect whether new firmware is available or manually upload the firmware to the router:	0
Do we have powerline adapters that support ieee 802.3af poe?	The frequencies used by XAVB5101 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Do we have powerline adapters that support ieee 802.3af poe?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Do we have powerline adapters that support ieee 802.3af poe?	The table below describes the WPS (the LED on the WPS push button of front panel) behaviors.	0
Do you know what third-party multimedia servers will work with the eva8000?	The EVA8000 can access your PC, Mac, Linux or NAS servers directly. The EVA8000 doesn't require ANY UPnP server (except for DRM content) and we recommend that you do not use UPnP, since this will be slower and make several features not work as well.	1
Do you know what third-party multimedia servers will work with the eva8000?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline Configuration utility.	0
Do you know what third-party multimedia servers will work with the eva8000?	"1. For each PL1000 device, press the ""Security"" button for more than two seconds, then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink."	0
Do you know what third-party multimedia servers will work with the eva8000?	* For each XAVB5501 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Do you know what third-party multimedia servers will work with the eva8000?	Yes. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can be used to connect the Extender to your existing router or connect your PC to the Extender. To use WPS to connect the extender to your router or your PC, first, press EX2700’s WPS button. Within 2 minutes, press your router or your PC’s WPS button.	0
Do you know what third-party multimedia servers will work with the eva8000?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter (rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Do you support itunes?	Yes, we can play back iTunes music. If you purchased songs on iTunes, you will need to have a Windows PC authorized to play these songs available on your home network when you try to play the protected songs.	1
Do you support itunes?	A6100 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6100 and connect to 5GHz. A6100 provides beamforming feature and also uses 802.11ac that can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
Do you support itunes?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter using Intel WiDi software on your PC, and click  PROPERTIES.	0
Do you support itunes?	The DC113A cradle will improve the antenna performance on your connected mobile hotspot by ~5dB. This will be noticeable on your device when the device is in poor to medium signal strength (between 1 and 3 bars, typically). If there is absolutely no signal where you are, the cradle can’t help. Conversely, if the cradle is right next to the cell tower and has full bars, the cradle can’t improve that either. However, if you are somewhere between no signal and full bars, the cradle will definitely improve signal strength.	0
Do you support itunes?	The SPI firewall that the R7000 is built-in but cannot be customized.	0
Do you support itunes?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
"Documentation referencing that the wmv up to 1080p will be ""down-converted"" - what is it down-converted to?"	It's down-converted to whatever the resolution is that you're using. If you're set to 720p component, it's down-converted to 720p. If you're using 480i NTSC, then it's down-converted to 480i NTSC.	1
"Documentation referencing that the wmv up to 1080p will be ""down-converted"" - what is it down-converted to?"	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	0
"Documentation referencing that the wmv up to 1080p will be ""down-converted"" - what is it down-converted to?"	There are some limitations with backup/restore features with Safari Browser. Please use alternative browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.	0
"Documentation referencing that the wmv up to 1080p will be ""down-converted"" - what is it down-converted to?"	WNDA3100v2 supports both 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless signal. The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
"Documentation referencing that the wmv up to 1080p will be ""down-converted"" - what is it down-converted to?"	No, PLP1200 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
"Documentation referencing that the wmv up to 1080p will be ""down-converted"" - what is it down-converted to?"	QoS stands for Quality of Service. It’s the ability in a router to differentiate Internet traffic by type—such as video, voice and data—and assign different priority to that traffic to maximize available bandwidth. With basic QoS, streaming content—like videos or games—gets higher priority over lighter traffic like email or chat sites.	0
Does a catv amplifier affect the performance of the mca1001v2?	Yes. A CATV amplifier or may block or interfere MoCA signal and cause the MCA1001 to malfunction. Avoid placing an amplifier in the path between MoCA nodes unless it is appropriately bypassed at MoCA frequencies (850 to 1525 MHz).	1
Does a catv amplifier affect the performance of the mca1001v2?	Yes, the Stora is hot swappable. However, we strongly recommend that users turn off the unit before removing or installing a hard drive to prevent data corruption or damage to the working drive. A Cold Plug is the opposite which you need to turn off the Stora before removing or installing a hard drive.	0
Does a catv amplifier affect the performance of the mca1001v2?	* [ReadyCLOUD Permissions](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24927)	0
Does a catv amplifier affect the performance of the mca1001v2?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
Does a catv amplifier affect the performance of the mca1001v2?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX7000 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	0
Does a catv amplifier affect the performance of the mca1001v2?	1. Physically connect the USB hard drive to your Mac	0
"Does anyone know the default password for the wnr612v3 with serial prefixes *31b33 and *31b12ad? the default ""password"" does not work on a bulk of routers with these prefixes even after a factory reset."	The admin logins for this models should also be admin for username and password for password, unless the router was reflashed with a third party firmware. There were cases that it was found out that the router was autoset as AP because there is an existing modem/router in the network. In such cases, you may set the router as AP via LAN to LAN setup.	1
"Does anyone know the default password for the wnr612v3 with serial prefixes *31b33 and *31b12ad? the default ""password"" does not work on a bulk of routers with these prefixes even after a factory reset."	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
"Does anyone know the default password for the wnr612v3 with serial prefixes *31b33 and *31b12ad? the default ""password"" does not work on a bulk of routers with these prefixes even after a factory reset."	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
"Does anyone know the default password for the wnr612v3 with serial prefixes *31b33 and *31b12ad? the default ""password"" does not work on a bulk of routers with these prefixes even after a factory reset."	No. D500 does not support function such as parental control, QoS, and etc. So, these functions will not work on the Desktop genie. However, some basic functions such as changing SSID/password will still work.	0
"Does anyone know the default password for the wnr612v3 with serial prefixes *31b33 and *31b12ad? the default ""password"" does not work on a bulk of routers with these prefixes even after a factory reset."	The Powerline adapter can only be awoken by a device that is connected to its Ethernet port, not via the power outlet. So, if the Powerline adapter is asleep, it can't pass data to the printer (or NAS), only FROM the printer..	0
"Does anyone know the default password for the wnr612v3 with serial prefixes *31b33 and *31b12ad? the default ""password"" does not work on a bulk of routers with these prefixes even after a factory reset."	No, the EVA8000 does not get very hot, though it is recommended that it have decent ventilation, since like any piece of electronics it will build up heat over time.	0
Does aps150w support hot swap?	No, before APS150W is installed into the M4300-28G or M4300-52G power module slot, be sure to disconnect the AC power cord from APS150W.	1
Does aps150w support hot swap?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Does aps150w support hot swap?	If the PC where the Digital Entertainer for Windows software is running is a member of a Windows domain:	0
Does aps150w support hot swap?	DDR3 non-buffered ECC DIMM, see compatible memory type here	0
Does aps150w support hot swap?	You keep your existing wireless router or gateway as is, with no need to change your current settings. You simply plug one of the WNHDE111 to the existing router/gateway and you now have a Wireless-N 5 GHz network established. You still have your existing G network at 2.4 GHz frequency for normal data and voice while using the 5 GHz Wireless-N for faster and high bandwidth demanding applications like video streaming and online gaming.	0
Does aps150w support hot swap?	To meet the demands of today’s—and tomorrow’s—network reality, NETGEAR developed Dynamic QoS. Dynamic Qos gives the Nighthawk X4 the intelligence to deliver quality of service that is both application and device aware.	0
Does d1500 support the netgear desktop genie?	No. D1500 does not support function such as parental control, QoS, and etc. So, these functions will not work on the Desktop genie. However, some basic functions such as changing SSID/password will still work.	1
Does d1500 support the netgear desktop genie?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. With WPS, it automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does d1500 support the netgear desktop genie?	Yes, the recovery procedure is :	0
Does d1500 support the netgear desktop genie?	No, PLW1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
Does d1500 support the netgear desktop genie?	User need to use 11ac adapter to get the max performance. If user uses 11n wireless adapters to connect with AC1450, the max throughput is limited by 11n adapter. Because 11n wireless adapters did not have 11ac link rate.	0
Does d1500 support the netgear desktop genie?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does d3600/d6000 support the netgear desktop genie?	Yes. Please download the Desktop genie from here:	1
Does d3600/d6000 support the netgear desktop genie?	No, Nighthawk (D7000), Nighthawk X4S (D7800), NETGEAR D6400 VDSL products do not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
Does d3600/d6000 support the netgear desktop genie?	Yes it is compatible.	0
Does d3600/d6000 support the netgear desktop genie?	Any number of devices can be connected wirelessly to the router; however, performance might noticeably decrease with each additional device. Three to five devices should be able to use the same wireless connection without a noticeable decrease in network responsiveness.	0
Does d3600/d6000 support the netgear desktop genie?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, Broadcast Storm Filtering, LAG and loop detection.	0
Does d3600/d6000 support the netgear desktop genie?	Yes.	0
Does d500 support the netgear desktop genie?	No. D500 does not support function such as parental control, QoS, and etc. So, these functions will not work on the Desktop genie. However, some basic functions such as changing SSID/password will still work.	1
Does d500 support the netgear desktop genie?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
Does d500 support the netgear desktop genie?	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide the best performance when using WNA3100.	0
Does d500 support the netgear desktop genie?	Yes.	0
Does d500 support the netgear desktop genie?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
Does d500 support the netgear desktop genie?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
Does d7800 support the netgear desktop genie?	Yes. Please download the desktop genie from the NETGEAR web site.	1
Does d7800 support the netgear desktop genie?	No, the D500 does not have support for these features.	0
Does d7800 support the netgear desktop genie?	NETGEAR WNR2000v3 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	0
Does d7800 support the netgear desktop genie?	Use the end of a paper clip or a similar object to press and hold the Reset button on the back of the router for at least seven seconds. The router resets, and return to the factory configuration settings.	0
Does d7800 support the netgear desktop genie?	FS105 is an unmanaged switch with five 10/100Mbps ports in a metal case and v3 means Version 3.	0
Does d7800 support the netgear desktop genie?	NTV550 can play YouTube videos in the H.264 format (i.e., videos labeled “HD” or “High Quality” by YouTube). Some YouTube videos are in the older, FLV/Sorenson format. NTV550 can play these latter videos only via assistance from NeoTV for Windows software, running on a PC. If NTV550 can locate a Windows PC running NeoTV for Windows, it will play the FLV/Sorenson videos via live transcoding. If aPC cannot be found, you will see an error message when attempting to play these videos. Note that many “Recently Added” videos are initially in the FLV/Sorenson format, until they are converted by the YouTube web site and made available in H.264 HQ and HD formats.	0
Does dgnd3300(b) have quality of service built in?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the most popular applications.	1
Does dgnd3300(b) have quality of service built in?	To obtain an optimum performance and usability, we recommend users to use NETGEAR powerline product like XE102, WGX102 or XE104. They are tested and proven on interoperability. Furthermore, XE103 85Mbps Wall-Plugged Ethernet Adapter is compatible to the HomePlug standard; it operates with all other devices being compatible to this standard.	0
Does dgnd3300(b) have quality of service built in?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
Does dgnd3300(b) have quality of service built in?	The best distance is within 12 feet (about 3 meters). Also, ensure the Push2TV is in a clear line of sight from the PC.	0
Does dgnd3300(b) have quality of service built in?	Yes, WNDAP350 can support 11n data rates over WDS links with other compatible ProSAFE Wireless-N Access Points.	0
Does dgnd3300(b) have quality of service built in?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does dm200 support the netgear desktop genie?	Yes, latest version of the Desktop Genie can be downloaded from NETGEAR web site [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng).	1
Does dm200 support the netgear desktop genie?	Yes. This is the default setting for Intel Wireless Display. (Note: recommend deleting this Q&A as it's not necessary. Recommend substituting the question below instead).	0
Does dm200 support the netgear desktop genie?	Click switch offers the innovative 1-2-3-4 mounting system which gives you the flexibility to place the Click Switch in locations where other switches will not go. Whether it's directly on a wall, strapped to a pole, under the meeting table in a conference room or in a server closet, vertical or horizontal,the Click Switch's unique mounting system allow you to control exactly how your ports and cables are deployed.	0
Does dm200 support the netgear desktop genie?	* Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
Does dm200 support the netgear desktop genie?	No. D1500 does not support function such as parental control, QoS, and etc. So, these functions will not work on the Desktop genie. However, some basic functions such as changing SSID/password will still work.	0
Does dm200 support the netgear desktop genie?	The C6300 supports up to 16 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	0
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support bonded vdsl service?	No, the DM200 VDSL modem does not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	1
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support bonded vdsl service?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support bonded vdsl service?	"For homes where electrical outlets are at a premium, we recommend to use ""Pass Thru"" powerline products. The Pass Thru products have a built in power outlet. XAVB2501, XAVB1501, and XAVB5501 are examples of Pass Thru products."	0
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support bonded vdsl service?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR genie configuration utility.	0
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support bonded vdsl service?	R6300 Wi-Fi Router and A6200 USB Wi-Fi adapter support Beamforming+ through firmware upgrade. R6200, R6250, D6300 & D6200 also support Beamforming+. Firmware upgrades are available now. Beamforming+ is enabled by default.	0
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support bonded vdsl service?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support wifi/wireless connectivity?	No, DM200 is purely a VDSL/ADSL modem and it does not have WiFi/wireless capabilities.	1
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support wifi/wireless connectivity?	Our XAVB2101 is compatible with all of our 200 Mbps Home Plug AV products and our 500 Mbps Home Plug AV Products, for example XAVB2001, XAVB1004, XAVB5001, XAVB5501, and XAVB101v2. It is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps powerline products like XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	0
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support wifi/wireless connectivity?	The default login name is admin and the default login password is password. Please note that logins are case-sensitive.	0
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support wifi/wireless connectivity?	No, the R8500 does not support jumbo frames.	0
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support wifi/wireless connectivity?	"Netflix channel can only be used and accessed using the D-PAD mode (Up/Down/Left/Right/OK). You will not be able to use the Touch Pad (mouse/mouse click) mode to control and navigate the Netflix channel. When using the Touch Pad mode, you will no longer be able to see the mouse pointer but instead you will see a ""stop"" icon (circle with a line). When using Netflix, please turn of the Touch Pad by pressing any one of the Up/Down/Left/Right button."	0
Does dm200 vdsl/adsl modem support wifi/wireless connectivity?	* For each XAVB5001 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Does intel wireless display support advanced display modes?	Yes. The Intel Wireless Display supports the following display modes.	1
Does intel wireless display support advanced display modes?	Turn off the adapter by pushing the On/Off button on the rear panel.Press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button.While you continue to hold the Restore Factory Settings button, press the On/Off button to turn the adapter back on.	0
Does intel wireless display support advanced display modes?	The user can either press the Reset button for 1 second or click the “Factory Reset” button on the Coming NETGEAR genie Release.	0
Does intel wireless display support advanced display modes?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
Does intel wireless display support advanced display modes?	N450 means the maximum WiFi speed of the router.	0
Does intel wireless display support advanced display modes?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does it have dhcp capability?	No, the CMD31T does not have a built in DHCP server.	1
Does it have dhcp capability?	No, PLW1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
Does it have dhcp capability?	Traditional wireless networks (802.11b, 802.11g) use the 2.4 GHz frequency. However this frequency is very crowded as many devices in a typical home use it including Bluetooth, microwave ovens, some cordless phones, and baby monitors. This problem of crowded frequencies is compounded now that WiFi has become very popular, as many neighboring homes / apartments will also have WiFi on 2.4 GHz. The result is slow / inconsistent connections and shared bandwidth. This is particularly a problem when attempted high end applications such as Video Streaming. The 5 GHz frequency is much cleaner, with far less devices using it. And there are much more “channels” to choose from on 5 GHz, so even if many neighbors use 5 GHz, it is very easy to find a channel that no-one is using, and therefore has no interference. NETGEAR’s Dual Band technology uses both 2.4 GHz for backwards compatibility and 5 GHz for low interference networking.	0
Does it have dhcp capability?	* Make sure you have added the EX2700's MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
Does it have dhcp capability?	It is using an Intellon 7400 chipset solution, and the max performance is 500Mbps.	0
Does it have dhcp capability?	The PC Access feature shows the PC screen, but it's like a remote access application - it doesn't do full video. So while your screen saver will show, any animations will not look good. This feature is really designed for checking e-mail quickly or some basic web browsing.	0
Does it have to scan for music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	1
Does it have to scan for music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
Does it have to scan for music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	Solid Green                        Powered on and ready for use	0
Does it have to scan for music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a	0
Does it have to scan for music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	The antennas are 3dbi, 2i means 2dbi. The antennas are only producing the signal, it is the chipset that determines whether the router has 5GHz capability or not.	0
Does it have to scan for music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	The XWNB5201 powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and re-plug?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	1
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and re-plug?	None of the home routers support SNMP.	0
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and re-plug?	The NETGEAR AirCard App is NOT designed to work with the AirCard Smart Cradle.	0
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and re-plug?	You will need at least a 1.2 Mbps connection to watch movies instantly on the NeoTV Streaming Player. The faster your connection, the better the quality. For high quality video and audio, a connection of least 2.5 Mbps is required, and for HD 1080p movies 4.5 Mbps is recommended. You can test your bandwidth at one of the sites listed below. Note: It also depends on the Internet connection quality, sometime higher bandwidth is required to accommodate the network packet lost.	0
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and re-plug?	The power consumption of XAVB5602 is 2.0 Watts in 110V AC and 2.3 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and re-plug?	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XAV101 Configuration Utility to set QoS based on your environment setting.	0
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and replug?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	1
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and replug?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and replug?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and replug?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the extender. To allow the wireless device to connect, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and replug?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using 2 options:	0
Does it require to scan all music again when the hdd is unplugged and replug?	We recommend that you use the USB cable and power adapter that came with your Arlo Q camera. Different USB cables or power adaptors might not be able to provide stable or enough power to Arlo Q.	0
Does itunes server require a rescan of all music when the hard drive containing music has been disconnected and reconnected from the usb port?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	1
Does itunes server require a rescan of all music when the hard drive containing music has been disconnected and reconnected from the usb port?	If this feature is disabled, it will allow the device to stay in supporting the maximum speed. If it is Enabled, it may reduce the maximum speed of your 2.4GHz to half when the router detected another wireless network in your environment. This will avoid interference with the other networks and to co-exist with other wireless networks.	0
Does itunes server require a rescan of all music when the hard drive containing music has been disconnected and reconnected from the usb port?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
Does itunes server require a rescan of all music when the hard drive containing music has been disconnected and reconnected from the usb port?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001 and XAV1004. It is not compatible with XET1001, XE104, XE102 or HDX101.	0
Does itunes server require a rescan of all music when the hard drive containing music has been disconnected and reconnected from the usb port?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does itunes server require a rescan of all music when the hard drive containing music has been disconnected and reconnected from the usb port?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can't use those channels.	0
Does jgs524e support flow control?	Yes, JGS524E supports Flow Control and they are enabled by default.	1
Does jgs524e support flow control?	NETGEAR Downstream QoS will prioritize the video streaming traffic over other traffic. This is helpful when you have multiple devices in the home competing for bandwidth with simultaneous downloads. Here are some of the possible reasons for the lack of video streaming improvement:	0
Does jgs524e support flow control?	Yes, WNDAP350 can support 11n data rates over WDS links with other compatible ProSAFE Wireless-N Access Points.	0
Does jgs524e support flow control?	Make sure that the base router (the router that the R6250 will connect to) is operational and able to connect wireless devices. Make a note of the following items:  SSID, SECURITY MODE, WIRELESS PASSWORD, OPERATING FREQUENCY (EITHER 2.4 GHZ OR 5 GHZ)	0
Does jgs524e support flow control?	"* For superuser access, enter ""MSO"" (all uppercase) for the user name and ""changeme"" (lowercase) for password."	0
Does jgs524e support flow control?	No. NETGEAR Manageable switches does support it.	0
Does jgs524e support port auto negotiation?	Yes, JGS524E supports port auto negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	1
Does jgs524e support port auto negotiation?	No, the AC785 does not work without a paid data plan. Data plan and SIM card can be purchased from a mobile operator in your area.	0
Does jgs524e support port auto negotiation?	1. Type 192.168.1.1 in a Web browser.	0
Does jgs524e support port auto negotiation?	The limiting factor is often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance overhead to overcome the increased attenuation caused by longer wiring runs.	0
Does jgs524e support port auto negotiation?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
Does jgs524e support port auto negotiation?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Does motion work the same in the dark?	Yes. Motion detection works the same at night as in normal lighting conditions.	1
Does motion work the same in the dark?	PTV3000 supports any android version for the Galaxy S4. Please see this [article](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23928)	0
Does motion work the same in the dark?	Yes all the products will be available worldwide in a phased manner.	0
Does motion work the same in the dark?	Yes.	0
Does motion work the same in the dark?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA3100. Please make sure to have the latest firmware and drivers for the products.	0
Does motion work the same in the dark?	WEP and WPA-PSK [TKIP] (for 54Mbps only)	0
Does my  d6000  support vdsl?	No, your D6000 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	1
Does my  d6000  support vdsl?	Yes, XS708E supports Flow Control and they are enabled by default.	0
Does my  d6000  support vdsl?	If this is first time installing the R7300 with the DST6501 add-on, power on the R7300 and DST6501 first, so they will all be connected by the default DST encryption key. You can then install them through NETGEAR genie.	0
Does my  d6000  support vdsl?	Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
Does my  d6000  support vdsl?	"It is considered ""best practice"" to make a current backup of any and all critical/important data prior to performing any firmware update."	0
Does my  d6000  support vdsl?	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XE103 Powerline Encryption Utility to set a network password within the group or network.	0
Does my  d6200  support vdsl?	No, your D6200 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	1
Does my  d6200  support vdsl?	The WNR2000v4 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
Does my  d6200  support vdsl?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v3. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
Does my  d6200  support vdsl?	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
Does my  d6200  support vdsl?	During installation via the browser based genie, the  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER looks for the latest firmware, and if there is new firmware, router will ask user to confirm to upgrade it or not. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time when you login into the GUI.	0
Does my  d6200  support vdsl?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Does my  d6300  support vdsl?	No, your D6300 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	1
Does my  d6300  support vdsl?	PTV3000 supports any android version for the Galaxy S4. Please see this [article](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23928)	0
Does my  d6300  support vdsl?	The key difference between 11n beamforming and 11ac beamforming is that Wi-Fi Alliance had no interoperability specification for 802.11n beamforming. The 802.11n beamforming standard was not very clearly defined, making 802.11n beamforming implementation a proprietary feature with no interoperability between different vendors.	0
Does my  d6300  support vdsl?	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TV is commended for the best viewing experience.	0
Does my  d6300  support vdsl?	NETGEAR home routers does not have SNMP feature.	0
Does my  d6300  support vdsl?	You need a base station to connect Arlo Wire-Free cameras. You don't need a base station with Arlo Q cameras. Arlo Q cameras connect directly to your Wi-Fi router.	0
Does my  dgn2200v4  support vdsl?	No, your DGN2200v4 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	1
Does my  dgn2200v4  support vdsl?	There is no option in the GUI to perform a firmware upgrade. Firmware upgrades are done through the ISP only. NETGEAR will work with the ISP to push down firmware through their network. No action is needed from customers regarding firmware upgrade.	0
Does my  dgn2200v4  support vdsl?	This is expected. Since the EX6100 provides 1x1 11ac antenna stream in 5GHz band the connection in 5GHz band will be the lower of the two, meaning 1x1 11ac.	0
Does my  dgn2200v4  support vdsl?	* Make sure the LAN LED of WNCE2001 is on. Make sure your Ethernet adapter is set to DHCP mode.	0
Does my  dgn2200v4  support vdsl?	Yes, the XAV101 does support Standby mode.	0
Does my  dgn2200v4  support vdsl?	During installation via the browser based genie, the Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time when you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alert when new firmware is available.	0
Does my  dgnd3700v2  support vdsl?	No, your DGND3700v2 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	1
Does my  dgnd3700v2  support vdsl?	* WNDRMAC only support “GUID Partition Table” and “Master Boot Record” in partition table format. It does not support “Apple Partition Map” format. Work-around: Changepartion map to Master Boot record.	0
Does my  dgnd3700v2  support vdsl?	During installation via the browser based genie, the Nighthawk WiFi Router looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on the web site every time you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing the genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alert when new firmware is available.	0
Does my  dgnd3700v2  support vdsl?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input. Using a paperclip or sharp object press and hold the reset button for about 10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
Does my  dgnd3700v2  support vdsl?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem router products, your cable provider is responsible for pushing the firmware upgrade to your unit after they have certified it.	0
Does my  dgnd3700v2  support vdsl?	Environmental factors, Operational overhead, differences between different transport standards (UDP vs. TCP vs. WFT) and the way each standard optimizes the data overhead (typically for error handling).	0
Does my  dm111pspv2  support vdsl?	No, your DM111PSPv2 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	1
Does my  dm111pspv2  support vdsl?	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
Does my  dm111pspv2  support vdsl?	NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses two dipole antennas mounted inside the router case. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments; users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Does my  dm111pspv2  support vdsl?	TCP connections is also limited by the PC. In reality, it does not matter how many concurrent sessions the router can support. If the PC cannot support enough sessions, regardless of how many sessions the router can support, that number can never be reached. The limitation on the PC is always a lot less that what the router can support.	0
Does my  dm111pspv2  support vdsl?	The Remote application on iOS devices such as iPad and iPhone uses iTunes to play content only. It merely sees the files and plays them just like an external remote control. The actual files and album art are installed on the computer. Album art will not be visible through the Remote app.	0
Does my  dm111pspv2  support vdsl?	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole on the back panel of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and when you see all four left LEDs (looking from front) start to blinking at the same time, release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	0
Does my netgear adapter support wpa-2 enterprise?	All our adapters support WPA2-enterprise. You'll need to use windows utility to use this feature. Microsoft is the 801.1x supplicant.	1
Does my netgear adapter support wpa-2 enterprise?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
Does my netgear adapter support wpa-2 enterprise?	First you need to know if the telephone service is provided to you through digital VoIP (Voice over IP).If the telephone service is provided to you via VoIP, you need to use the Gateway Router from the service provider.An easy way to tell is by looking at the Gateway Router from the Service Provider and see if there is a phone jack to the phone (as opposed to the phone jack to the wall).	0
Does my netgear adapter support wpa-2 enterprise?	This will be fixed on the upcoming firmware release. In the meantime, you can change the GUI language by going on the top right corner of the GUI and selecting English from the drop-down list. You can also email or call our technical support team to obtain a beta firmware that you can upload to the router to fix the region issue.	0
Does my netgear adapter support wpa-2 enterprise?	As per the 802.11n 2.0 draft, 11n high throughput data rates are supported only with plain text or AES encryption. With WEP and TKIP encryption only legacy data rates are supported.	0
Does my netgear adapter support wpa-2 enterprise?	There is no expansion chassis for RN3138 at this time. NETGEAR desktop expansion EDA500 is not compatible with RN3138.	0
Does my pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the PL1000 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	1
Does my pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	No, these settings are controlled on the TV.	0
Does my pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	No, currently the EVA doesn't support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
Does my pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
Does my pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	It supports a maximum of four concurrent VPN clients.	0
Does my pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	No, the R7300 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
Does my plw1000 support standby mode for power saving?	No.	1
Does my plw1000 support standby mode for power saving?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input. Using a paperclip or sharp object press and hold the reset button for about 10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
Does my plw1000 support standby mode for power saving?	The first 3 bytes of MAC address is translated into 02:0F:B5 as mentioned above. Please log into router and add translated MAC addresses into IP reservation list.	0
Does my plw1000 support standby mode for power saving?	The R6300 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6300 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	0
Does my plw1000 support standby mode for power saving?	"1. For each PL1000 device, press the ""Security"" button for more than two seconds, then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink."	0
Does my plw1000 support standby mode for power saving?	* For each XAVB5501 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Does my powerline adapter supports qos?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	1
Does my powerline adapter supports qos?	Since these files are protected, they can only be played if served from a PC using Windows Media Connect or the Intel Viiv Media Server. Other third-party media servers will not work.	0
Does my powerline adapter supports qos?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet is strongly recommended to get the best performances. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
Does my powerline adapter supports qos?	The D1500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
Does my powerline adapter supports qos?	The USB connection only works with USB Storage devices that DO NOT have an internal USB hub. The file formats recognized are FAT, FAT32, NTFS, MacOS X (HFS+, not older HFS), and ext2/3 formatted drives.	0
Does my powerline adapter supports qos?	Guest wireless networks are enabled and configured in “Wireless Guest Network” page of GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
Does n300 router support usb 3.0/usb2.0 port?	No.	1
Does n300 router support usb 3.0/usb2.0 port?	The blue dome is just a hardware design. It has no feature or function.	0
Does n300 router support usb 3.0/usb2.0 port?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	0
Does n300 router support usb 3.0/usb2.0 port?	Yes, please see the table below for more detail:	0
Does n300 router support usb 3.0/usb2.0 port?	The Digital Entertainer HD is compatible with most protected content which uses the Microsoft Windows Media DRM formats and with iTunes protected audio files (.M4P). To play these formats you will need a PC with Windows Media Player 11, or a Viiv PC for WMDRM files, and a Windows PC with iTunes for Windows for iTunes protected audio files.	0
Does n300 router support usb 3.0/usb2.0 port?	"In previous NETGEAR Powerline devices: XE102, XE102G, XET1001, they only support 56-bit DES encryption to secure the data. The current NETGEAR HomePlug AV devices* support a stronger security: 128-bit AES encryption to protect the data content transmitted over the Powerline network. In the same Powerline network the same security key is used to encrypt the data transmitted over the Powerline network. By default, NETGEAR sets the ""HomePlugAV"" as the security key out of the factory. NETGEAR recommends you to change the security key by pushing the security button or configuring the security key using the Powerline utility to build your own private and secured Powerline network."	0
Does negear offer windows and mac utility?	Yes, please download it from the NETGEAR SUPPORT web site.	1
Does negear offer windows and mac utility?	No, currently the EVA doesn't support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
Does negear offer windows and mac utility?	During the installation process (via the web genie interface), the router accesses the NETGEAR web site for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the router user interface also supports auto firmware upgrade. Auto upgrade will check for the latest firmware on the NETGEAR web site every time you log into the router.	0
Does negear offer windows and mac utility?	N450 means the maximum WiFi speed of the router.	0
Does negear offer windows and mac utility?	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole on the back panel of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and when you see all four left LEDs (looking from front) start to blinking at the same time, release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	0
Does negear offer windows and mac utility?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Does netgear d6400 ac1600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support  bonded vdsl service ?	No, NETGEAR D6400, Nighthawk (D7000), Nighthawk X4S (D7800) VDSL products do not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	1
Does netgear d6400 ac1600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support  bonded vdsl service ?	* 16 copper 10/100/1000Mbps RJ-45 Ethernet ports	0
Does netgear d6400 ac1600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support  bonded vdsl service ?	There are some limitations with backup/restore features with Safari Browser. Please use alternative browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.	0
Does netgear d6400 ac1600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support  bonded vdsl service ?	* Make sure you have added a pseudo MAC address based on your laptop MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
Does netgear d6400 ac1600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support  bonded vdsl service ?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Does netgear d6400 ac1600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support  bonded vdsl service ?	No. There is no option on the GTV100 to update its flash player version.	0
Does netgear d7000 nighthawk ac1900 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	No, Nighthawk (D7000), Nighthawk X4S (D7800), NETGEAR D6400 VDSL products do not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	1
Does netgear d7000 nighthawk ac1900 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	No, before APS150W is installed into the M4300-28G or M4300-52G power module slot, be sure to disconnect the AC power cord from APS150W.	0
Does netgear d7000 nighthawk ac1900 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	Please try the following steps:	0
Does netgear d7000 nighthawk ac1900 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	This is a 24-port Gigabit switch. It belongs to the new “ProSAFE Plus Switches” family.	0
Does netgear d7000 nighthawk ac1900 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web genie. Go to  ADVANCED >  SETUP >  WAN SETUP and change the  WAN PREFERENCE to “ MUST USE ETHERNET WAN”, then click  APPLY.	0
Does netgear d7000 nighthawk ac1900 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	With many Internet Service Providers now restricting the maximum allowable traffic per month, many customers find out the hard way that their Internet usage exceeds what’s allowed by the ISP and as a result having to pay premium for over-usage.With Broadband Usage Meter, the router sends an warning to you indicating that you are close to reaching the limit.The generation of the warning message is customizable in the GUI and with this feature you are now safe from being surprised at the end of the month when the bill arrives.	0
Does netgear d7800 nighthawk x4s ac2600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	No, Nighthawk X4S (D7800), Nighthawk (D7000), NETGEAR D6400 VDSL products do not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	1
Does netgear d7800 nighthawk x4s ac2600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	It supports a maximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
Does netgear d7800 nighthawk x4s ac2600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘statistics” to get what you need.	0
Does netgear d7800 nighthawk x4s ac2600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
Does netgear d7800 nighthawk x4s ac2600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
Does netgear d7800 nighthawk x4s ac2600 wifi vdsl/adsl modem router support bonded vdsl service?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does netgear give support for 3rd party applications downloaded to the gtv100?	No, If you need support for a downloaded application you need to go to the person or company that created the application.	1
Does netgear give support for 3rd party applications downloaded to the gtv100?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does netgear give support for 3rd party applications downloaded to the gtv100?	WEP and WPA-PSK [TKIP] (for 54Mbps only)	0
Does netgear give support for 3rd party applications downloaded to the gtv100?	Currently the EVA9000 supports the following container formats: AVI, DivX, Xvid WMV, MOV, VOB, MPG, MP1, MP2, MP4, ISO, IFO, M4V, TS, M2TS, MKV, MKA.	0
Does netgear give support for 3rd party applications downloaded to the gtv100?	View Arlo Q cameras in HD with a crystal clear resolution of 1080p.	0
Does netgear give support for 3rd party applications downloaded to the gtv100?	Currently, the WDS/Repeater mode feature can only be supported without security. Therefore, we have removed this feature from the R8000.	0
Does netgear have a device like wnhde111 that will act as a bridge and a wireless extender?	We recommend using the PR2000 that has WiFi router, access point, hotspot and range extender features.	1
Does netgear have a device like wnhde111 that will act as a bridge and a wireless extender?	You are more than welcome contacting NETGEAR Sales organization, for instance at (408) 907-8000 or by email: [sales@netgear.com](mailto:sales@netgear.com). NETGEAR Sales Engineers will help you design M6100 perfectly. You can also visit [www.netgear.com/m6100](http://www.netgear.com/m6100) and download “M6100 basic configurator”, or “M6100 expert configurator” files under Resources tab.	0
Does netgear have a device like wnhde111 that will act as a bridge and a wireless extender?	By default, the R7300 device and DST6501 use the same DST encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Does netgear have a device like wnhde111 that will act as a bridge and a wireless extender?	* Make sure you have added the WiFi Booster MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
Does netgear have a device like wnhde111 that will act as a bridge and a wireless extender?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PLP1200 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does netgear have a device like wnhde111 that will act as a bridge and a wireless extender?	During the installation process (via the web genie interface), the router accesses the NETGEAR web site for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the router user interface also supports auto firmware upgrade. Auto upgrade will check for the latest firmware on the NETGEAR web site every time you log into the router.	0
Does netgear have a ntv remote app for windows smart phone?	Only Android and iOS apps are currently available.	1
Does netgear have a ntv remote app for windows smart phone?	The C6300 is a cable modem gateway that combines the functionality of a cable modem and a router together. It is equivalent to a Wi-Fi router physically connected to a pure cable modem.	0
Does netgear have a ntv remote app for windows smart phone?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does netgear have a ntv remote app for windows smart phone?	Additional info can be found at [ReadySHARE](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
Does netgear have a ntv remote app for windows smart phone?	Many audio receivers do not support digital audio below 96Kbps, so the workaround is for the user to connect the analog audio outputs of the EVA9000 to the analog inputs of their receiver. Switch the audio receiver to this input when listening to low bitrate audio.	0
Does netgear have a ntv remote app for windows smart phone?	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	0
Does netgear recommend enabling the streaming database version 1.9?	It is actually optional to enable the streaming database. According to the manual, the router automatically checks for updates for the streaming database, downloads and installs them.	1
Does netgear recommend enabling the streaming database version 1.9?	No, the CMD31T does not have wireless capabilities. You will need to connect a wireless router to the CMD31T. This device is a stand-alone cable modem.	0
Does netgear recommend enabling the streaming database version 1.9?	DGN3500 is based on the new 802.11n technology with provides much faster speeds (Up to 2x) and better range (up to 20%) than your old Wireless-G Router.	0
Does netgear recommend enabling the streaming database version 1.9?	1. Log in the administration web interface.	0
Does netgear recommend enabling the streaming database version 1.9?	Wireless Repeating function allows you to make a completely wireless infrastructure. Normally, the access points must be connected with a wire (LAN). These access points create cells allowing a wireless connection. This feature allows the access points to be wirelessly connected. When the structure is too large and is hard to cover using one AP, a second AP would be used as a wireless repeater.	0
Does netgear recommend enabling the streaming database version 1.9?	WNDA4100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA4100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
Does not have higher performance than 802.11n?	If user use 11n wireless adapters to connect with D6300, the maximum connection speed he have is the same as maximum connection speed that 11n wireless adapters has. Because 11n wireless adapters did not have 11ac link rate.	1
Does not have higher performance than 802.11n?	Be aware that most devices will treat the AC785 as an unlimited Wi-Fi internet connection and you can limit the amount of data usage your AC785 uses by doing the following:	0
Does not have higher performance than 802.11n?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does not have higher performance than 802.11n?	If your USB HDD is self-powered and uses more than 750mA of power, this could be the reason. Please verify that your USB HDD is within the specs since it is self-powered or try using a USB HDD with an external power supply.	0
Does not have higher performance than 802.11n?	Yes, you need to change your screen display setting to extend mode.	0
Does not have higher performance than 802.11n?	No. Only drives purchased from NETGEAR can be used in RDD516. These drives have been extensively tested to guarantee best quality. Spare drives can be purchased from NETGEAR in case of disk failure.	0
Does pl p 1200 support qos?	No, the PLP1200 does not support QoS.	1
Does pl p 1200 support qos?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601 and XAV1401 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
Does pl p 1200 support qos?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5602 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does pl p 1200 support qos?	QoS service works like dividing a cake among all of the guests. The total size of the cake must be known first, before a fair sharing could happen. It is recommended to use “speedtest” for more accurate internet bandwidth detection, in order to have a more optimal Dynamic QoS experience. If you Internet bandwidth changes frequently, you can run “speedtest” once a while to adjust the total bandwidth setting.	0
Does pl p 1200 support qos?	1. NTV550 supports a variety of parental controls. To activate parental controls, go to Settings -> Parental controls, and set the Supervisor PIN. Once the PIN is set, the parental controls you can configure on this page are active. Note that the PIN is also required for accessing the settings.	0
Does pl p 1200 support qos?	ReadyNAS Vault is a cloud backup solution pre-installed or readily available on all ReadyNAS systems as an installable application. Backup anything on your ReadyNAS to secure, offsite servers with no additional hardware to manage. ReadyNAS Vault is an added layer of protection, ideal for achieving geographic redundancy for data stored on your ReadyNAS.	0
Does pl1000 support qos?	Yes.	1
Does pl1000 support qos?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz.	0
Does pl1000 support qos?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The newest and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does pl1000 support qos?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
Does pl1000 support qos?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem router products, your cable provider is responsible for pushing the firmware upgrade to your unit after they have certified it.	0
Does pl1000 support qos?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
Does pl1200 support qos?	No, the PL1200 does not support QoS.	1
Does pl1200 support qos?	There is a configuration Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC. Also, once you know the IP address through the Plus Utility, you can configure it via Web browser.	0
Does pl1200 support qos?	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide the best performance when using WNA3100.	0
Does pl1200 support qos?	This model does not have the option to change its mode to modem only.	0
Does pl1200 support qos?	If you use 11n wireless adapters to connect with R6200, the maximum connection speed is the same as to connect with 11n wireless router. For example, by 1x1 11n wireless adapter, you could get maximum 150Mbps link rate, and by 2x2 or 3x3 11n wireless adapter, the maximum link rate is 300Mbps. The 11n wireless adapter does not have 11ac link rate with 11n router.	0
Does pl1200 support qos?	The DC113A cradle works with the following devices:	0
Does plw1000 support qos?	Yes.	1
Does plw1000 support qos?	The frequencies used by XAVB6504 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Does plw1000 support qos?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
Does plw1000 support qos?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
Does plw1000 support qos?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
Does plw1000 support qos?	It is a universal extender, so all routers should be compatible.	0
Does powerline interfere with ham radio signals?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on. We can also tune these channels to make sure they don't interfere with other RF signals – like Amateur Ham Radio operators – in effect, notching out those frequencies from use (effectively using only 917 of the 1155). This reduces overall throughput, but ensures that we don't impact HAM Radio communications.	1
Does powerline interfere with ham radio signals?	Yes. Please download the Desktop genie from here:	0
Does powerline interfere with ham radio signals?	The Channel of EX6200 is the same as the home network in internet surfing mode. You need to change home network's channel in order to change EX6200's channel.	0
Does powerline interfere with ham radio signals?	No, the WNR2000v5 does not support this function.	0
Does powerline interfere with ham radio signals?	Any SATA hard drive should work. If you have one available, please test and let us know the model number (shown on screen in the Hard drive info screen).	0
Does powerline interfere with ham radio signals?	That means PR2000 does not recognized your USB storage. It may have interoperability issue, or the power source of PR2000 is not enough to provide current to the storage.	0
Does powerline network work through circuit breakers?	In general Powerline networks work across the circuit breakers, as long as the circuit breaker is closed. The connection between the powerline devices could be good or bad depending on the attenuation/noise level on the electrical line.	1
Does powerline network work through circuit breakers?	Yes, the XAVB5602 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Does powerline network work through circuit breakers?	Yes. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can be used to connect the Extender to your existing router or connect your PC to the Extender. To use WPS to connect the extender to your router or your PC, first, press EX2700’s WPS button. Within 2 minutes, press your router or your PC’s WPS button.	0
Does powerline network work through circuit breakers?	 The SSID and the wireless password is printed on the back or bottom of the router.	0
Does powerline network work through circuit breakers?	Please make sure the wireless radio is enabled. If it is not, you can press the WiFi on/off radio button for 2 seconds to turn it on. The WiFi on/off button is located on the front panel of the device.	0
Does powerline network work through circuit breakers?	The EVA8000 is not designed to drive simultaneous outputs.	0
Does powerline support encryption?	Earlier versions based on HomePlug 1.0 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV support 128-bit AES encryption.	1
Does powerline support encryption?	Yes, the Night Vision Camera is compatible with the Outdoor Shell (VZMS2050, sold separately.)	0
Does powerline support encryption?	DGND3700 automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the Internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
Does powerline support encryption?	The WNDAP350 will support 802.11b, 802.11g and 802.11a wireless clients.	0
Does powerline support encryption?	Yes, it is.	0
Does powerline support encryption?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB6504 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does r 6400 support  usb 3.0?	R6400 has 2 USB ports, 1 USB 3.0-Storage port at the front and 1 USB 2.0-Printer port at the back. NETGEAR recommends that you connect a USB storage device to the USB 3.0-Storage port and connect a printer to the USB 2.0-Printer port.	1
Does r 6400 support  usb 3.0?	The resource CD that comes with the product will provide a step-by-step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard utility (or Windows Zero Config, Vista’s Auto Config, Windows 7 WCN) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instruction on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide or User Reference manual on NETGEAR web site for more information.	0
Does r 6400 support  usb 3.0?	One possible root cause is because WNDA4100 enters scan mode. You can open “Device Manager”. Select NETGEAR N900 Wireless Dual Band USB adapter device. Then right click and choose “property”. Select Advanced page. You can see a configuration parameter called “Multimedia and gaming mode environment”. You can enable this setting. Turning on this prevents WNDA4100 from going to scan mode too often while WNDA4100 is already connected..	0
Does r 6400 support  usb 3.0?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
Does r 6400 support  usb 3.0?	Possible reasons:	0
Does r 6400 support  usb 3.0?	WMC will not serve AAC files. You need to use something like the Viiv media server or Twonkyvision.	0
Does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router supports beamforming technology?	The R6200v2 supports the Wi-Fi beamforming technology	1
Does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router supports beamforming technology?	Some approaches may help you to get a higher link rate and throughput in your environment:	0
Does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router supports beamforming technology?	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. For more details, see [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
Does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router supports beamforming technology?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router supports beamforming technology?	The PL1000 adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The PLW1000 will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
Does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router supports beamforming technology?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
Does r6200v2 support usb port?	There is a USB port on the back side of R6200v2; it's a USB 3.0 port. You could use this USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready Share printer	1
Does r6200v2 support usb port?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter and click Properties.	0
Does r6200v2 support usb port?	Smart Connect balances your 5 GHz WiFi connections into two different radio bands: the 5 GHz radio 1 band and the 5 GHz radio 2 band. The router uses Smart Connect to choose the best radio band for your device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
Does r6200v2 support usb port?	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole (red circle) on the product label of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	0
Does r6200v2 support usb port?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does r6200v2 support usb port?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5101 Configuration utility.	0
Does r6250 have usb 3.0 port?	There is a USB port on the back side of R6250; it's a USB 3.0 port. You could use the USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready SHARE printer. The USB 3.0 read/write speed is 2-3 times faster than USB2.0 port.	1
Does r6250 have usb 3.0 port?	When a new PL1200 firmware is available, a firmware upgrade tool will be posted on the NETGEAR website.	0
Does r6250 have usb 3.0 port?	[How can I disable private home shares?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21457)	0
Does r6250 have usb 3.0 port?	ReadyNAS devices can service multiple needs. The most common uses in business are backup, file server, and virtualization. You can safely backup all your data from any computer to the ReadyNAS. The ReadyNAS even provides options to copy data to another off-site ReadyNAS for disaster recovery in case of fires, floods, or other disasters or copy data to the cloud. File Servers are efficient ways to share data among employees, customers, and partners. No more emailing files back and forth. As businesses grow and start to host their own servers onsite, virtualization becomes a must to achieve high efficiency. ReadyNAS is certified with VMware, Citrix, and Hyper-V.	0
Does r6250 have usb 3.0 port?	The C7000 supports up to 24 downstream and 8 upstream channels.	0
Does r6250 have usb 3.0 port?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does readydata 516 support expansion trays (eda500)?	No.	1
Does readydata 516 support expansion trays (eda500)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does readydata 516 support expansion trays (eda500)?	Unfortunately, the WNR2000v4 does not support jumbo frames.	0
Does readydata 516 support expansion trays (eda500)?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform the firmware upgrade with a ""WIRED"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Does readydata 516 support expansion trays (eda500)?	Yes, you can still access the Internet if the hotspot’s LCD screen is not lit.The LCD screen goes to sleep if there is no activity on the screen, but the WiFi radio is still active. To wake up the LCD, press and quickly release the Powerbutton.	0
Does readydata 516 support expansion trays (eda500)?	The XAV5004 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected.	0
Does readynas vault backup an entire system or lun?	No, ReadyNAS Vault is file-level backup. You can select specific directories to include (or exclude) and apply different rules regarding versions, archives, and scheduling to each backup job.	1
Does readynas vault backup an entire system or lun?	When browsing a song, the UI shows a different length compared to what is shown on the Now Playing screen. This is due to the audio browser showing the song length that was read from the audio file's ID3 tag data. The Now Playing screen actually calculates the duration of the song.	0
Does readynas vault backup an entire system or lun?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 150Mbps” at 2.4GHz.	0
Does readynas vault backup an entire system or lun?	It's down-converted to whatever the resolution is that you're using. If you're set to 720p component, it's down-converted to 720p. If you're using 480i NTSC, then it's down-converted to 480i NTSC.	0
Does readynas vault backup an entire system or lun?	There is a discovery tool called “Config Assistant” in the product CD (you can also download it from the NETGEAR support site). Run this tool from the PC behind the bridge, or a pc behind the router the bridge is connected to, and it will find the WNHDE111 bridges (with their IP addresses) in the network for you. It’s recommended to make a copy of this tool on your PC’s desktop.	0
Does readynas vault backup an entire system or lun?	Red wireless speed LED means the bridge is out of range from the access point, you can rotate the	0
Does readyshare cloud depend on my internet service provider (isp) speeds?	ReadySHARE Cloud creates a secured Internet connection between your tablet/smartphone/PC and the connected USB Storage in your home. Copying and downloading speeds will depend upon your ISP uplink and downlink speeds.	1
Does readyshare cloud depend on my internet service provider (isp) speeds?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
Does readyshare cloud depend on my internet service provider (isp) speeds?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit and marked with “RESET”. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 7 seconds to bring the unit to factory default settings.	0
Does readyshare cloud depend on my internet service provider (isp) speeds?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV5001 Configuration utility.	0
Does readyshare cloud depend on my internet service provider (isp) speeds?	The power consumption of XAV101 is 4 Watts.	0
Does readyshare cloud depend on my internet service provider (isp) speeds?	Yes, the XAV1004 does support Standby mode.	0
Does the  nighthawk x4s r7800 router support dfs channels in the us?	With fimrware v1.0.2.12 and higher, the  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER will now support 15 additional 5GHz channels for interference free operation. As 5GHz gets crowded with more routers, availability of additional channels can greatly improve WiFi performance.	1
Does the  nighthawk x4s r7800 router support dfs channels in the us?	This wireless repeating function supports wireless base station mode and repeater mode. Before using it, please make sure all AP devices must use the same SSID, wireless channel, authentication mode & encryption mode.	0
Does the  nighthawk x4s r7800 router support dfs channels in the us?	Aim the remote at the front of the NeoTV 350.	0
Does the  nighthawk x4s r7800 router support dfs channels in the us?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Does the  nighthawk x4s r7800 router support dfs channels in the us?	N+1 redundancy is provided when one power supply is in standby mode. There are four PSU slots in M6100-3S base chassis, so minimum two power supplies are required for N+1 mode. Four additional PSU slots can be added with RPS4000v2 external power supply bay. In that case, N+1 mode is available across the eight unified PSU slots.	0
Does the  nighthawk x4s r7800 router support dfs channels in the us?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push ‘N’ Connect button:	0
Does the ac762s work in north america?	No, the NETGEAR Mobile Hotspot (AC762S) will only work in Europe, specifically it has been successfully tested in Italy, France, Germany, and UK.	1
Does the ac762s work in north america?	[How can I disable private home shares?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21457)	0
Does the ac762s work in north america?	HomePlug 1.0 specification allows for speeds up to 14 Mbit/s. HomePlug AV specification allows for speeds up to 200 Mbits/s, with some Homeplug AV devices using a proprietary extension increasing this to 500 Mbits/s. Also HomePlug AV powerline networks can exist in the same household as a HomePlug 1.0 powerline network, but they cannot communicate with each other.	0
Does the ac762s work in north america?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Does the ac762s work in north america?	The user can either press the Reset button for 1 second or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV5201 Configuration utility.	0
Does the ac762s work in north america?	 It should be possible as long as you are using a HDMI to VGA HDCP compliant adapter.	0
Does the aircard 785 work in north america?	Yes, the AirCard 785 will work with any GSM/GPRS/EDGE/HSPA network such as AT&T or T-mobile. Unfortunately no North American LTE networks are supported.	1
Does the aircard 785 work in north america?	The Channel of EX7000 is the same as the home network in internet surfing mode. You need to change home network's channel in order to change EX7000's channel.	0
Does the aircard 785 work in north america?	No. This model does not have a Gigabit WAN port.	0
Does the aircard 785 work in north america?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to Airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an Airplay ready device, such as Apple TV or Airplay ready receivers.	0
Does the aircard 785 work in north america?	In the event you need to change you Smart Cradle’s WIFI network name (SSID) or network key (password), you can do this through your web browser. Simply launch a web browser from a computer or wireless device that is connected to the Smart Cradle.	0
Does the aircard 785 work in north america?	That means D7000 does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. If you plug USB storage before router power on, please re-test again, but this time please plug USB storage after router is system ready (Power LED is in white color), and see if it works.	0
Does the c3000/c3700 support ipv6?	Yes. This device does support IPv6.	1
Does the c3000/c3700 support ipv6?	WPS is short for a Wi-Fi Protected Setup, which allows you to quickly ans securely connect to a wireless network. Without WPS, you must manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and wireless device to secure your wireless network. With WPS, the router automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does the c3000/c3700 support ipv6?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS feature of JGS524E would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP.	0
Does the c3000/c3700 support ipv6?	The frequencies used by XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Does the c3000/c3700 support ipv6?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does the c3000/c3700 support ipv6?	USB port is USB 2.0 spec.	0
Does the c3000/c3700 support vpn passthrough?	The C3000/C3700 currently has VPN passthrough as disabled. This will be enabled in a future firmware release. However, we do have a hotfix that you can try to enable VPN passthrough. Please click [VPN pass-through Hotfix](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26099) for more information.	1
Does the c3000/c3700 support vpn passthrough?	1. Connect a computer to the NETGEAR router and launch a web browser.	0
Does the c3000/c3700 support vpn passthrough?	The USB port allows user to download/upload switch firmware or configuration file using USB flash device. It is also used to recover the firmware image through the utility menu during boot up. It is more effective and easier than using XMODEM serial port protocol for file transfer.	0
Does the c3000/c3700 support vpn passthrough?	AC329U supports up to 21.6Mbps @ Downlink and 5.76Mbps @ uplink. The detail spec as shown below: HSPA+ (21 Mbps), HSUPA (5.76 Mbps), UMTS (384 Kbps), EDGE (237 Kbps), GPRS (85.6 Kbps)	0
Does the c3000/c3700 support vpn passthrough?	Yes! With the free remote access function and an Internet connection, you can access your Stora to view or stream content over any web enabled device anywhere in the world at anytime.	0
Does the c3000/c3700 support vpn passthrough?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
Does the c6250 support ipv6?	Yes. This device does support IPv6. There is option in the GUI to choose LAN side IPv6 mode. By default IPv6 mode is set to auto-config which supports majority of the IPv6 capable devices. If you choose DHCPv6, some of your devices may not be able to support IPv6.	1
Does the c6250 support ipv6?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
Does the c6250 support ipv6?	The key difference between 11n beamforming and 11ac beamforming is that Wi-Fi Alliance had no interoperability specification for 802.11n beamforming. The 802.11n beamforming standard was not very clearly defined, making 802.11n beamforming implementation a proprietary feature with no interoperability between different vendors.	0
Does the c6250 support ipv6?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setupâ„¢) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
Does the c6250 support ipv6?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to Airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an Airplay ready device, such as Apple TV or Airplay ready receivers.	0
Does the c6250 support ipv6?	If you use 802.11ac wireless devices to connect to R6220, the maximum connection link rate is 867Mbps. To take full advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	0
Does the c6250 support vpn pass-through?	Yes, the C6250 does support VPN pass-through.	1
Does the c6250 support vpn pass-through?	D1500 supports full 2.4 GHZ configuration including 802.11n, 802.11g, and 802.11b.	0
Does the c6250 support vpn pass-through?	Pick a plug is a technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
Does the c6250 support vpn pass-through?	Press and hold the button on the bottom for 5 seconds to reset the router to factory default settings.	0
Does the c6250 support vpn pass-through?	Cable gateways offer Internet access at speeds up to 100 times faster than a traditional phone modem. You can experience speeds of over 1,000 Kbps. Due to network condition such as traffic volume and the speed of the sites you visit, actual speed may vary. Many network and other factors can affect download speeds. Please check with service provider to check for actual speed offered.	0
Does the c6250 support vpn pass-through?	The power consumption of PLP1200 is 2.06W when Ethernet cable is connected, 0.46W standby mode (Ethernet cable is disconnected or Ethernet link lost ).	0
Does the c6300 support ipv6?	Yes, the C6300 does support IPv6.	1
Does the c6300 support ipv6?	Yes, You can log into the genie GUI, then select ADVANCED > Setup > LAN Setup. Enter in your custom device name in the Device Name field.	0
Does the c6300 support ipv6?	Use the end of a paper clip or a similar object to press and hold the Reset button on the back of the router for at least seven seconds. The router resets, and return to the factory configuration settings.	0
Does the c6300 support ipv6?	1. Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
Does the c6300 support ipv6?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does the c6300 support ipv6?	Your router needs to do lots of computation to provide you with detailed real time bandwidth statistics for each connected device and applications running on them. To minimize the impact on other router features and functionalities, it is designed to provide statistics on a request/update basis. Please click the  REFRESH button on  ATTACHED DEVICES page to update your bandwidth statistics.	0
Does the c6300 support parental controls?	Yes, the C6300 supports OpenDNS Live Parental Controls (LPC).	1
Does the c6300 support parental controls?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on. We can also tune these channels to make sure they don't interfere with other RF signals – like Amateur Ham Radio operators – in effect, notching out those frequencies from use (effectively using only 917 of the 1155). This reduces overall throughput, but ensures that we don't impact HAM Radio communications.	0
Does the c6300 support parental controls?	The XWNB5201 powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
Does the c6300 support parental controls?	1. Physically connect the USB hard drive to your Mac	0
Does the c6300 support parental controls?	There is one known issue in the software that is included in CD v1.0 (software version v1.0.0.18) about WPS PBC. If you use newer version CD or you use software upgrade function, this issue will be solved. The issue description is this : If you have another NETGEAR older products WNA3100 or WNDA3100v2 installed in your computer before, and you install A6200. This will cause A6200 WPS PBC can't work. However, you still can key in passphrase to manually connect to router via genie. The workaround solution is you can uninstall WNA3100 or WNDA3100v2 first and then install A6200 again. This known issue only happens in CD v1.0 and software v1.0.0.18. Newer version doesn't have this issue.	0
Does the c6300 support parental controls?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAV5004 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Does the c6300 support vpn pass-through?	Yes, the C6300 does support VPN pass-through.	1
Does the c6300 support vpn pass-through?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does the c6300 support vpn pass-through?	Yes, the Digital Entertainer comes bundled with Microsoft Windows Media Connect, which can serve various media files for playback on the Digital Entertainer.	0
Does the c6300 support vpn pass-through?	After the migration, a MyNETGEAR account is required to use the ReadyCLOUD service. The ReadyCLOUD services will only be enabled for the following:	0
Does the c6300 support vpn pass-through?	Yes, it is work for 2.5.3 firmware of the Stora. Please see [http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html](http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html).	0
Does the c6300 support vpn pass-through?	No. You cannot use or enable the VPN service once Wireless AP Mode is selected.	0
Does the c7000 support ipv6?	Yes. This device does supports IPv6. There is option in the GUI to choose LAN side IPv6 mode. By default IPv6 mode is set to auto-config which supports majority of the IPv6 capable devices. If you choose DHCPv6, some of your devices may not be able to support IPv6.	1
Does the c7000 support ipv6?	If your product does not have a serial number, it has been refurbished. The serial number is not required to register your product. Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Register%20a%20refurbished%20product) with:	0
Does the c7000 support ipv6?	It supports a maximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
Does the c7000 support ipv6?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the c7000 support ipv6?	When this happens, it is very likely that the WiFi Booster is placed at the borderline of the range covered by the existing router. Please follow the instructions in Question 4 to resolve this.	0
Does the c7000 support ipv6?	Make sure that the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the WN3500RP and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
Does the c7000 support vpn pass-through?	Yes, the C7000 does support VPN pass-through.	1
Does the c7000 support vpn pass-through?	Yes, it is work for 2.5.3 firmware of the Stora. Please see [http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html](http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html).	0
Does the c7000 support vpn pass-through?	Yes, you can still access the Internet if the hotspot’s LCD screen is not lit.The LCD screen goes to sleep if there is no activity on the screen, but the WiFi radio is still active. To wake up the LCD, press and quickly release the Powerbutton.	0
Does the c7000 support vpn pass-through?	* Blink blue color twice per second: Remote control has paired NeoTV PRIME and is trying to connect NeoTV PRIME.	0
Does the c7000 support vpn pass-through?	There is no option in the GUI to perform a firmware upgrade. Firmware upgrades are done through the ISP only. NETGEAR will work with the ISP to push down firmware through their network. No action is needed from customers regarding firmware upgrade.	0
Does the c7000 support vpn pass-through?	User need to use 11ac adapter to get the max performance. If user uses 11n wireless adapters to connect with AC1450, the max throughput is limited by 11n adapter. Because 11n wireless adapters did not have 11ac link rate.	0
Does the cable router support ipv6?	N450 supports IPv6.	1
Does the cable router support ipv6?	The power consumption is 9.49 watts.	0
Does the cable router support ipv6?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the cable router support ipv6?	The resolution of the Night Vision Camera is the same during normal light or at night.	0
Does the cable router support ipv6?	The power consumption of XAV5501 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Does the cable router support ipv6?	If this is first time installing the R7300 with the DST6501 add-on, power on the R7300 and DST6501 first, so they will all be connected by the default DST encryption key. You can then install them through NETGEAR genie.	0
Does the cmd31t have wifi capabilities?	No, the CMD31T does not have wireless capabilities. You will need to connect a wireless router to the CMD31T. This device is a stand-alone cable modem.	1
Does the cmd31t have wifi capabilities?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, Broadcast Storm Filtering, LAG, loop detection and IEEE 802.3az Energy Efficient Ethernet (EEE).	0
Does the cmd31t have wifi capabilities?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Does the cmd31t have wifi capabilities?	No, the WNR2000v4 still uses the same 100Mbps connection just like its predecessor.	0
Does the cmd31t have wifi capabilities?	Currently, the WDS/Repeater mode feature can only be supported without security. Therefore, we have removed this feature from the R8000.	0
Does the cmd31t have wifi capabilities?	[Can I use the 2nd ethernet port on the 1100 for load-balancing / teaming?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21505)	0
Does the component output true hd signals?	Yes.	1
Does the component output true hd signals?	No, your D6200 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
Does the component output true hd signals?	Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays Error 101 error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears.	0
Does the component output true hd signals?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the component output true hd signals?	No, the QoS on the router is for Internet traffic, not layer 2 QoS in LAN side by the powerline devices.	0
Does the component output true hd signals?	During installation via the Web genie, EX7000 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest FW on web site every time when you login the GUI.	0
Does the d1500 support ipv6?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	1
Does the d1500 support ipv6?	Using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Does the d1500 support ipv6?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
Does the d1500 support ipv6?	Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Remove%20registered%20product) with:	0
Does the d1500 support ipv6?	Environmental factors, Operational overhead, differences between different transport standards (UDP vs. TCP vs. WFT) and the way each standard optimizes the data overhead (typically for error handling).	0
Does the d1500 support ipv6?	WN111v2 can achieve up to 300Mbps when connecting to a RANGEMAX NEXT wireless router WNR854T. In order for WN111v2 to reach the maximum performance with RANGEMAX NEXT wireless router, either no security or WPA2-PSK [AES] should be used when connecting to a WNR854T.	0
Does the d500 support access control feature or mac filtering??	No, the D500 does not have support for these features.	1
Does the d500 support access control feature or mac filtering??	No. V1 firmware image is not compatible with V2 firmware image and vice versa.	0
Does the d500 support access control feature or mac filtering??	During installation the firmware will automatically check for newer versions and download if found. After download, new firmware will need to be installed manually.	0
Does the d500 support access control feature or mac filtering??	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that both the router link LED and the client link LED are lit and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](www.mywifiext.net).	0
Does the d500 support access control feature or mac filtering??	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Does the d500 support access control feature or mac filtering??	Optionally, if Internet connection is available, the NTV550 Recovery Menu provides a way to recover from the update server.	0
Does the d500 support ipv6?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	1
Does the d500 support ipv6?	During installation via the Smart Wizard CD, WPN824 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
Does the d500 support ipv6?	No, manual firmware upgrade is not supported on cable modem products. Your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware for your modem. Firmware upgrades for modems take place automatically through your internet connection.	0
Does the d500 support ipv6?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the d500 support ipv6?	Yes, the Digital Entertainer comes bundled with Microsoft Windows Media Connect, which can serve various media files for playback on the Digital Entertainer.	0
Does the d500 support ipv6?	Active antennas are designed by NETGEAR. It improves both the Wi-Fi speed and range for Wi-Fi clients connected to the R8300. The main purposes of this design is to avoid noise from the main board from interfering with the Wi-Fi signal, and to increase power to achieve greater Wi-Fi performance and range.	0
Does the d6300 support igmp snooping, mld snooping and vlan?	No. NETGEAR Manageable switches does support it.	1
Does the d6300 support igmp snooping, mld snooping and vlan?	To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1301 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
Does the d6300 support igmp snooping, mld snooping and vlan?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XWN5001 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Does the d6300 support igmp snooping, mld snooping and vlan?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
Does the d6300 support igmp snooping, mld snooping and vlan?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Does the d6300 support igmp snooping, mld snooping and vlan?	With multiple SSID, you can set up more than one wireless network in your home and by controlling the access to each network, you can assure that your personal PC and private networked information are kept in a private network while your guests can enjoy the freedom of wireless Internet access in your home.	0
Does the d6300 support ipv6?	Yes.	1
Does the d6300 support ipv6?	Yes.	0
Does the d6300 support ipv6?	Yes. When a new PL1000 firmware is available, a firmware upgrade will be posted on the NETGEAR website.	0
Does the d6300 support ipv6?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input (Please refer to the product label). The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 7 seconds to bring the unit to factory default settings.	0
Does the d6300 support ipv6?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands ( 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
Does the d6300 support ipv6?	"Netflix channel can only be used and accessed using the D-PAD mode (Up/Down/Left/Right/OK). You will not be able to use the Touch Pad (mouse/mouse click) mode to control and navigate the Netflix channel. When using the Touch Pad mode, you will no longer be able to see the mouse pointer but instead you will see a ""stop"" icon (circle with a line). When using Netflix, please turn of the Touch Pad by pressing any one of the Up/Down/Left/Right button."	0
Does the d6300 support multi pvc?	Multi PVC talks about triple play deployment of ADSL2+, VOIP and IPTV. Our home gateways does not support IPTV yet.	1
Does the d6300 support multi pvc?	ReadySHARE Music lets you play music from your computer on a remote audio speaker, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system.	0
Does the d6300 support multi pvc?	It supports a maximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
Does the d6300 support multi pvc?	C6250 is a dual-band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device's capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	0
Does the d6300 support multi pvc?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Does the d6300 support multi pvc?	The XAV101v2 does not support 10/100 M half mode. Please do not set your Ethernet NIC cards to either 10M half mode or 100M half mode.	0
Does the d7000 support usb 3.0 port?	The D7000 has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side and right side of the modem router respectively.	1
Does the d7000 support usb 3.0 port?	"Launch web browser to login GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	0
Does the d7000 support usb 3.0 port?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Does the d7000 support usb 3.0 port?	 Yes, the NeoTV Prime uses Google TV, which uses the android platform. For more information on Google TV, you can go to the Google Developers sit at https://developers.google.com/tv/faq .	0
Does the d7000 support usb 3.0 port?	The factory default settings for WiFi are SSID = Wireless, Security = WEP (128 bits), and WEP key is 11111111111111111111111111.	0
Does the d7000 support usb 3.0 port?	The power consumption of XAV5501 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Does the dgn2200v4 support 64 public ip's assigned on devices behind a netgear home router?	This is a different routing setup which is more of a classical routing. It is recommended to confirm it with the ISP to know what type of device they would support for this kind of setup or you can use one of the business line routers of NETGEAR to compare what device you would need.	1
Does the dgn2200v4 support 64 public ip's assigned on devices behind a netgear home router?	The NETGEAR DGN1000 uses 1 antenna for transmit and receive.	0
Does the dgn2200v4 support 64 public ip's assigned on devices behind a netgear home router?	Use this method if you have a wireless router or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
Does the dgn2200v4 support 64 public ip's assigned on devices behind a netgear home router?	Before you start your DSL installation:	0
Does the dgn2200v4 support 64 public ip's assigned on devices behind a netgear home router?	Yes, the WNR2200 have this feature.	0
Does the dgn2200v4 support 64 public ip's assigned on devices behind a netgear home router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 router support dual-stack ipv4 and ipv6?	No.	1
Does the dgnd3700v2 router support dual-stack ipv4 and ipv6?	* MBR1515 WiFi router connects to the Verizon Wireless 4G LTE network via a 4G LTE wireless modem embedded in the router	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 router support dual-stack ipv4 and ipv6?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 router support dual-stack ipv4 and ipv6?	* For each PL1000 device, press its security button for more than 2 seconds, then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 router support dual-stack ipv4 and ipv6?	Depending on the product purchased, the license will either be in the form of an electronic license or a printed license key card.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 router support dual-stack ipv4 and ipv6?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 support 6in4 ipv6?	Yes it can. There is an option on the UI where you can see 6to4 tunnel.	1
Does the dgnd3700v2 support 6in4 ipv6?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 support 6in4 ipv6?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 support 6in4 ipv6?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on. We can also tune these channels to make sure they don't interfere with other RF signals – like Amateur Ham Radio operators – in effect, notching out those frequencies from use (effectively using only 917 of the 1155). This reduces overall throughput, but ensures that we don't impact HAM Radio communications.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 support 6in4 ipv6?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 support 6in4 ipv6?	There are some limitations with backup/restore features with Safari Browser. Please use alternative browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 support multiple pvc and/or igmp?	The DGND3700v2 does not support multiple PVC and/or IGMP.	1
Does the dgnd3700v2 support multiple pvc and/or igmp?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 support multiple pvc and/or igmp?	[How do I change the file and folder permission on the ReadyNAS that is attached to domain controller?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21506)	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 support multiple pvc and/or igmp?	Yes, using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. However, the overall throughput is shared by the multiple networks.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 support multiple pvc and/or igmp?	Yes, DGN3500 supports Wireless Distribution System (WDS). However, WDS compatibility across different platforms can be problematic.	0
Does the dgnd3700v2 support multiple pvc and/or igmp?	The XAV101v2 does not support 10/100 M half mode. Please do not set your Ethernet NIC cards to either 10M half mode or 100M half mode.	0
Does the dgnd3800b support modem only mode?	The DGND3800B does not support this function.	1
Does the dgnd3800b support modem only mode?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	0
Does the dgnd3800b support modem only mode?	The XAV5001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
Does the dgnd3800b support modem only mode?	A VoIP uses cable television wires instead of traditional telephone lines to provide voice and fax service.	0
Does the dgnd3800b support modem only mode?	The M6100-3S empty chassis is not orderable as a separate SKU. The M6100-3S empty chassis only comes with M6100-44G3-POE+ or M6100-44GF3 or M6100-24X3 starter kit bundles.	0
Does the dgnd3800b support modem only mode?	"Check the file permissions for those items and make sure they have ""read"" access allowed for ""Everyone""."	0
Does the dgnd4000 support annex m?	DGND4000 supports ADSL+ so it should. This actually depends if this model is available on his location.	1
Does the dgnd4000 support annex m?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
Does the dgnd4000 support annex m?	User need to use 11ac adapter to get the max performance. If user uses 11n wireless adapters to connect with AC1450, the max throughput is limited by 11n adapter. Because 11n wireless adapters did not have 11ac link rate.	0
Does the dgnd4000 support annex m?	* 24 copper 10/100/1000Mbps RJ-45 Ethernet ports	0
Does the dgnd4000 support annex m?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
Does the dgnd4000 support annex m?	"Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays ""error 101"" error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears."	0
Does the dst6501 firmware get automatically updated?	During installation the firmware will automatically check for newer versions and download the new firmware if found. After download the new firmware needs to be installed manually.	1
Does the dst6501 firmware get automatically updated?	a. Often times, security solutions that flood users with false positives are quickly viewed as massively annoying. This often results in the solutions being disabled – which defeats the purpose of deploying a security solution in the first place!	0
Does the dst6501 firmware get automatically updated?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only music files are supported.	0
Does the dst6501 firmware get automatically updated?	802.3az is an IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) standard, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
Does the dst6501 firmware get automatically updated?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Does the dst6501 firmware get automatically updated?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB1101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does the dst6501 firmware getting automatically updated?	During installation the firmware will automatically check for newer versions and download if found. After download, new firmware will need to be installed manually.	1
Does the dst6501 firmware getting automatically updated?	When a new PL1200 firmware is available, a firmware upgrade tool will be posted on the NETGEAR website.	0
Does the dst6501 firmware getting automatically updated?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21505)	0
Does the dst6501 firmware getting automatically updated?	The XAVB2001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download from the NETGEAR web site.	0
Does the dst6501 firmware getting automatically updated?	Yes, using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. However, the overall throughput is shared by the multiple networks.	0
Does the dst6501 firmware getting automatically updated?	Yes. After inserting the new drive, you can access the Stora interface and select JBOD or RAID1 to fully configure the new drive. As always, it is recommended to backup your data first just in case.	0
Does the eva700 support wma lossless codec?	No, the WMA Lossless is a completely different codec from normal WMA codec.	1
Does the eva700 support wma lossless codec?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
Does the eva700 support wma lossless codec?	Wireless networks are often congested with interference from neighboring Wi-Fi routers, as well as from other household appliances. The ClearChannel Selector feature on your router automatically scans for the clearest and fastest available channels, dynamically avoiding busy Wi-Fi channels. ClearChannel Selector is enabled by default on your WNDR3800 router. You can select the sensitivity level for the ClearChannel Selector. Sensitivity level settings are High, Medium (the default setting), and Low. If you change the setting to High, your wireless channel may switch channels frequently, or occasionally disconnect.	0
Does the eva700 support wma lossless codec?	RDD516 can be gracefully powered off through Web GUI page. Or by press and hold power button for 2 seconds. Be very careful, don't press and hold power button for more than 4 seconds, otherwise, power will be cut off forcefully by hardware.	0
Does the eva700 support wma lossless codec?	a. Identify the services you need to ensure to function even after STMxxx installed.	0
Does the eva700 support wma lossless codec?	"No, ReadyNAS Vault is not a high availability solution. It is meant as a ""disaster recovery solution."" With ReadyNAS Vault, any individual file or set of files can be downloaded on ad hoc basis, as long as your data set is recent enough, you can access files without having to wait for a full local system recovery."	0
Does the eva8000 get very hot? what are the requirements for ventilation?	No, the EVA8000 does not get very hot, though it is recommended that it have decent ventilation, since like any piece of electronics it will build up heat over time.	1
Does the eva8000 get very hot? what are the requirements for ventilation?	* Make sure you have added the EX2700's MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
Does the eva8000 get very hot? what are the requirements for ventilation?	The resolution of the Night Vision Camera is the same during normal light or at night.	0
Does the eva8000 get very hot? what are the requirements for ventilation?	"Please login to the Genie GUI first, then select ""ADVANCED"" tab, then click ""Administration"", ""Set Password"" menu. After entering in the new password, please click the ""Apply"" button for it to take effect."	0
Does the eva8000 get very hot? what are the requirements for ventilation?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
Does the eva8000 get very hot? what are the requirements for ventilation?	Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
Does the eva8000 require a windows pc to stream media files from?	The EVA8000 can play directly through SMB/CIFS – so no PC needed.	1
Does the eva8000 require a windows pc to stream media files from?	The maximum possible throughput is 175 Mbps. Real performance may significantly vary depending on the distance between the devices, the quality of the cabling and other factors.	0
Does the eva8000 require a windows pc to stream media files from?	It's not recommend using WPA-PSK or WEP for wireless security setting; instead users should always use WPA2-PSK for the best wireless security. WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK.	0
Does the eva8000 require a windows pc to stream media files from?	 POWER                  Solid Green: Power is supplied to the router.                                                                                                                                                                                              Solid Red: POST (Power-On Self-Test) failure or device malfunction                                                                        Off: No power is supplied to the router	0
Does the eva8000 require a windows pc to stream media files from?	* It is likely that your extender is placed at the borderline of the signal range covered by your main WiFi router. Moving your extender closer to the main WiFi router will most likely resolve this.	0
Does the eva8000 require a windows pc to stream media files from?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connection, by design.	0
Does the eva8000 support wep shared-key authentication?	No, currently the EVA doesn’t support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	1
Does the eva8000 support wep shared-key authentication?	No, WN111v2 does not support WLAN Turbo-G mode. The maximum link rate for a Turbo-G AP is 54Mbps.encryption.	0
Does the eva8000 support wep shared-key authentication?	When Supervisory blade in Slot-1 is removed, hitless failover automatically happens and Back-up blade in Slot-2 becomes the ‘new’ Supervisor. Now, when the blade in Slot-1 has been serviced and/or replaced, nothing happens automatically, by design. The admin has to issue a command in the CLI (movemanagement <2> <1>) or perform a GUI configuration (System > Chassis > Basic > Chassis Configuration) in order to request reverse fail back to Slot-1 as the new Supervisor slot. This provides more control to the admin, while ensuring non-stop switching/routing and hitless fail back mechanism for the entire fabric and management. Network traffic isn’t impacted by the fail back.	0
Does the eva8000 support wep shared-key authentication?	Yes, You can log into the genie GUI, then select ADVANCED > Setup > LAN Setup. Enter in your custom device name in the Device Name field.	0
Does the eva8000 support wep shared-key authentication?	 GREEN: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Does the eva8000 support wep shared-key authentication?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the eva9000 support wep shared-key authentication?	No, currently the EVA doesn't support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	1
Does the eva9000 support wep shared-key authentication?	The fastest performance is with 150 Mbps, however this uses the 40 MHz frequency and may interfere with other wireless devices in the 2.4 GHz band such as other 802.11 equipment. To avoid this, you can set the router to work in the same 20 MHz bandwidth as 801.11b/g equipment, which reduces its maximum performance to 65 Mbps.	0
Does the eva9000 support wep shared-key authentication?	The frequencies used by XAVB5501 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	0
Does the eva9000 support wep shared-key authentication?	The DGND3800B does not support this function.	0
Does the eva9000 support wep shared-key authentication?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using two options:	0
Does the eva9000 support wep shared-key authentication?	Port aggregation lets you combine two Gigabit Ethernet ports on the Nighthawk router to improve the aggregated file transfer speed. If a device supports Ethernet aggregation like a NAS or managed network switch, you can use the Ethernet aggregate ports 1 and 2 to cable the device to your router. Note that Ethernet port aggregation is also referred to as link aggregation, teaming port, and port trunking.	0
Does the ex6200 have compatibility issues with routers?	It is a universal extender, so all routers should be compatible.	1
Does the ex6200 have compatibility issues with routers?	a. You can purchase a higher specification model, but all of our security appliances run on specific, unique hardware. Security vendors sometimes sell the exact same hardware across multiple models and upgrades entail removing software caps that limit the hardware’s performance for the lower specification models. NETGEAR ProSECURE doesn’t believe in this approach - NETGEAR ProSECURE believes that you should always get what you pay for – and this is consistent with our philosophy of “No per-user licenses”.	0
Does the ex6200 have compatibility issues with routers?	R6300 Wi-Fi router is backward compatible with 802.11 a/b/g and n, so will work with the current Wi-Fi devices in your home, if you have a laptop with 802.11n Wi-Fi it will connect at 802.11n speeds with the 802.11ac R6300 router. To take advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	0
Does the ex6200 have compatibility issues with routers?	Cable gateways offer Internet access at speeds up to 100 times faster than a traditional phone modem. You can experience speeds of over 1,000 Kbps. Due to network condition such as traffic volume and the speed of the sites you visit, actual speed may vary. Many network and other factors can affect download speeds. Please check with service provider to check for actual speed offered.	0
Does the ex6200 have compatibility issues with routers?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the ex6200 have compatibility issues with routers?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Does the ex7000 have compatibility issues with routers?	It is a universal extender, so all routers should be compatible.	1
Does the ex7000 have compatibility issues with routers?	1. Log in the administration web interface.	0
Does the ex7000 have compatibility issues with routers?	WNDR3400v3 supports the following wireless securities:	0
Does the ex7000 have compatibility issues with routers?	DGND3700 product is a powerful and full featured DSL router with a Dual core processor to handle the most computation intensive tasks easily. It simultaneously supports Wi-Fi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
Does the ex7000 have compatibility issues with routers?	Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Remove%20registered%20product) with:	0
Does the ex7000 have compatibility issues with routers?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives. The Nighthawk X6 might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R8000 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
Does the ex7300/ex6400 have compatibility issues with certain routers?	The EX7300/EX6400 can extend any existing wireless network. We suggest you connect to the 5GHz network when available, but any wireless router you have should work.	1
Does the ex7300/ex6400 have compatibility issues with certain routers?	Yes, the XAV2602 is HomePlug AV certificated. It is not only compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, but also compatible with NETGEAR 500Mbps Powerline devices. NETGEAR Powerline models XAV101, XAV1004, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1301, XAV1501, XAV1601, XAV2501, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5601, XAV5004, and XAVN2001 are compatible with the XAV2602. But the XAV2602 is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps Powerline products like the XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	0
Does the ex7300/ex6400 have compatibility issues with certain routers?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Does the ex7300/ex6400 have compatibility issues with certain routers?	The XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 not yet has the firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware because its firmware is latest version which you can download in the NETGEAR web site, if any new firmware releases.	0
Does the ex7300/ex6400 have compatibility issues with certain routers?	"Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays ""error 101"" error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears."	0
Does the ex7300/ex6400 have compatibility issues with certain routers?	Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Remove%20registered%20product) with:	0
Does the extra passthrough socket is still providing power when i shut off the wn3100rp with the on/off switch?	Yes. The switch On/Off is only affecting the networking part. The Pass through socket will still provide power for the devices plugged in.	1
Does the extra passthrough socket is still providing power when i shut off the wn3100rp with the on/off switch?	That means the Nighthawk WiFi Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. Please try to plug the USB storage device into other USB port, and see if it works.	0
Does the extra passthrough socket is still providing power when i shut off the wn3100rp with the on/off switch?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5602 configuration utility.	0
Does the extra passthrough socket is still providing power when i shut off the wn3100rp with the on/off switch?	One unique way ReadyNAS can help businesses is by providing constant access to your secure data from anywhere. Everyone is familiar with cloud solutions hosted on the internet. Consumers use free services from Google, Microsoft, Apple for email, backup, calendaring, etc. But for businesses those solutions can be very expensive. There are also concerns over security and privacy. With ReadyNAS all the data is hosted on your device, but you can access your data through mobile applications or the ReadyCLOUD portal. Each solution will create a secure VPN-like tunnel directly to your ReadyNAS. Now you can access your data with the ease of the cloud without any of the concerns of using a 3rd party to host your data.	0
Does the extra passthrough socket is still providing power when i shut off the wn3100rp with the on/off switch?	Yes, you will be able to access content on the PC via both the Intel Media Server and the Intel Viiv Zone. However, without a Viiv router, you will be unable to use your Intel Viiv PC to easily connect the Digital Entertainer to your network wirelessly. In this case, you must enter wireless network parameters manually. Please see the User Guide for instructions.	0
Does the extra passthrough socket is still providing power when i shut off the wn3100rp with the on/off switch?	WNDA3100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA3100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. The WNDA3100 will operate at 2.4 GHz if connected to a wireless router set at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA3100 operates at 5GHz. Note: If you have a dual band router, use the WNDA3100 Smart Wizard (Network tab) to determine the router’s operating frequency.	0
Does the gs316 support flow control?	Yes, the GS316 supports Flow Control.	1
Does the gs316 support flow control?	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	0
Does the gs316 support flow control?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAU2511 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Does the gs316 support flow control?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601, XAV1401, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
Does the gs316 support flow control?	DGND3700 not only come integrated with the ADSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
Does the gs316 support flow control?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601, XAV1401 and XAV1301 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
Does the gs316 support jumbo frames?	Yes, it supports jumbo frames up to 9,216 bytes.	1
Does the gs316 support jumbo frames?	You can copy files from a USB drive using the Hard Drive Tools menu. Also, the Media and EVAData directories will show up as shared drives which you can copy to/from. Files which you copy to the hard drive should show up in the media list when they are done copying, however this feature is not yet fully functional.	0
Does the gs316 support jumbo frames?	Yes, the PL1000 support QoS (it will leave the packets untouched keeping the prioritization).	0
Does the gs316 support jumbo frames?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501 and XAV1601 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
Does the gs316 support jumbo frames?	If you want to connect a third device in your bedroom to the network, simply buy a WNHDE111 unit, push the WPS button on the unit connected to your router and within 2 min, push the WPS button on the new unit. The devices exchange all the SSID and security information automatically and get connected. WPS is based on a standard by WiFi Alliance and will be available in many client devices. WNHDE111 Push ’N’ Connect function is already WPS certified and works with other WPS certified APs or clients.	0
Does the gs316 support jumbo frames?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Does the gs316 support port auto-negotiation?	Yes, the GS316 supports Port Auto-Negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	1
Does the gs316 support port auto-negotiation?	Please connect to EX2700 through wired, and login at http://www.mywifiext.net, and check the wireless setting page.If you still cannot access the extender, please reset it back to factory default.	0
Does the gs316 support port auto-negotiation?	No, the QoS on the router is for Internet traffic, not layer 2 QoS in LAN side by the powerline devices.	0
Does the gs316 support port auto-negotiation?	* For each PLP1200 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Does the gs316 support port auto-negotiation?	A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
Does the gs316 support port auto-negotiation?	DGND3800B not only come integrated with the DSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
Does the gs324 support jumbo frames?	Yes, it supports jumbo frames up to 9,216 bytes.	1
Does the gs324 support jumbo frames?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2 MHz to 86 MHz.	0
Does the gs324 support jumbo frames?	The R7300 supports multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
Does the gs324 support jumbo frames?	You can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV101 Configuration utility.	0
Does the gs324 support jumbo frames?	"The default password is ""password""."	0
Does the gs324 support jumbo frames?	* LED indication	0
Does the gtv100 have a list of supported channels?	The GTV100 does not have a list of supported channels. If the channel is not compatible, the GTV100 will prompt an error. For Google TV FAQ, you may visit this link: https://developers.google.com/tv/faq	1
Does the gtv100 have a list of supported channels?	In retrieving the password, the wizard will ask for the device's Serial Number. Once the device confirmed that the Serial Number is correct, answer the 2 Security Questions and then the wizard will display the GUI's password.	0
Does the gtv100 have a list of supported channels?	The top of the wireless router includes a dome with status lights that identify the status of the selected option you chose for either Wireless data status (default), Guest Network status, Live Parental Controls status, or Broadband Usage Meter status. You can select your preferred option in router’s GUI	0
Does the gtv100 have a list of supported channels?	One possible cause is the TV and the EVA9000 are on two different ground planes, which can cause the hissing sound through the speakers. To correct this purchase a power strip with a surge suppressor and plug both the TV and the EVA9000 into this strip. Both devices will now be using the same ground plane and the hissing or buzzing should go away.	0
Does the gtv100 have a list of supported channels?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Does the gtv100 have a list of supported channels?	* For each PLP1200 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Does the gtv100 have html5 support?	Yes. It supports Google Chrome browser, Flash and HTML5 to offer full access to the Web.	1
Does the gtv100 have html5 support?	RN3138 eSATA ports are provided by Marvell PCIe SATA 3 controller 88SE9170. The eSATA device compatibility is therefore determined by Marvell controller.	0
Does the gtv100 have html5 support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the gtv100 have html5 support?	* Dual Band mode: Duo 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz configuration supporting 802.11n/802.11a (5 GHz) and 802.11g/ 802.11b (2.4 GHz)	0
Does the gtv100 have html5 support?	Only one: non-stop switching and hitless failover. M6100 series “distributed fabric” provides both Fabric and Management redundancy with non-stop switching and hitless failover. There is no fastidious configuration: Slot-1 is the Supervisor slot, and Slot-2 is the Back-up Supervisor slot (secondary). By default, the Back-up Supervisor slot (Slot-2) provides continuous stand-by mode within the distributed fabric. In case of a failure for the Supervisory blade in Slot-1, the Back-up Supervisor in Slot-2 is instantly taking over as the new Supervisor. Non-stop forwarding feature offers hitless failover for Slot-2 and Slot-3 switching and routing in that case.	0
Does the gtv100 have html5 support?	By default, the R7300 router and DST6501 use the same DST encryption key, so they can automatically connect. Log into the router to update the DST adapter settings.	0
Does the m6100 series support dual images?	Yes, the M6100 series supports Dual image feature. Dual Image feature allows for two images in the permanent storage. User can denote any of these images as an active image that will be loaded in subsequent reboot. This feature provides for reduced down-time for the switch, when the image is being upgraded / downgraded.	1
Does the m6100 series support dual images?	No, the router login username cannot be changed. Only the admin password can be changed.	0
Does the m6100 series support dual images?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does the m6100 series support dual images?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Does the m6100 series support dual images?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
Does the m6100 series support dual images?	Yes, but not all. Please check the router's user manual for its features and capabilities.	0
Does the n450 support parental controls?	Yes, the N450 supports Parental Controls through th E CONTENT FILTERING>  BLOCK SITES Feature. However, OpenDNS Live Parental Control (LPC) is currently not supported. We are working to implement this feature in the near future.	1
Does the n450 support parental controls?	The choice is usually determined by your local telecommunication service provider. By choosing different plans offered by your service provider, an ADSL or a VDSL line is provided to you.	0
Does the n450 support parental controls?	a. You can purchase a higher specification model, but all of our security appliances run on specific, unique hardware. Security vendors sometimes sell the exact same hardware across multiple models and upgrades entail removing software caps that limit the hardware’s performance for the lower specification models. NETGEAR ProSECURE doesn’t believe in this approach - NETGEAR ProSECURE believes that you should always get what you pay for – and this is consistent with our philosophy of “No per-user licenses”.	0
Does the n450 support parental controls?	From Windows, select  START > SEARCH and in the search field type  ALLOW A PROGRAM THROUGH A WINDOWS FIREWALL. Add WiDiApp and Wireless PAN DHCP Server to the list of allowed programs. Make sure both the  PRIVATE and  PUBLIC check boxes are selected. If you are not using Windows Firewall, consult your firewall user's manual.	0
Does the n450 support parental controls?	The R7300 DST comes with 1 year of support from GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for assistance.	0
Does the n450 support parental controls?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5602 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does the neotv prime (gtv100) run android?	 Yes, the NeoTV Prime uses Google TV, which uses the android platform. For more information on Google TV, you can go to the Google Developers sit at https://developers.google.com/tv/faq .	1
Does the neotv prime (gtv100) run android?	Currently, the C6300 Cable Modem Router is only available for retail in the US only.	0
Does the neotv prime (gtv100) run android?	If you want to connect a third device in your bedroom to the network, simply buy a WNHDE111 unit, push the WPS button on the unit connected to your router and within 2 min, push the WPS button on the new unit. The devices exchange all the SSID and security information automatically and get connected. WPS is based on a standard by WiFi Alliance and will be available in many client devices. WNHDE111 Push ’N’ Connect function is already WPS certified and works with other WPS certified APs or clients.	0
Does the neotv prime (gtv100) run android?	Before you start your DSL installation:	0
Does the neotv prime (gtv100) run android?	No, PL1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible with HomePlug AV1.0.	0
Does the neotv prime (gtv100) run android?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Does the nighthawk wifi router support usb 3.0 port?	The Nighthawk WiFi Router has two USB ports. The USB 3.0 port is located on the front panel of the router. The USB 2.0 port is located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as a USB printer, and the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 hard drives.	1
Does the nighthawk wifi router support usb 3.0 port?	There is a configuration Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC. Also, once you know the IP address through the Plus Utility, you can configure it via Web browser.	0
Does the nighthawk wifi router support usb 3.0 port?	 POWER                  Solid Green: Power is supplied to the router.                                                                                                                                                                                              Solid Red: POST (Power-On Self-Test) failure or device malfunction                                                                        Off: No power is supplied to the router	0
Does the nighthawk wifi router support usb 3.0 port?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the nighthawk wifi router support usb 3.0 port?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
Does the nighthawk wifi router support usb 3.0 port?	The user name is admin, and the default password is password. Both are case-sensitive.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router have spi firewall?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	1
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router have spi firewall?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router have spi firewall?	Because data traffic routed through the Extender network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router have spi firewall?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router have spi firewall?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router have spi firewall?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support ipv6?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	1
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support ipv6?	NETGEAR recommends a maximum of 300 feet of cable between the root node and the coax outlet.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support ipv6?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac and a few other container / tag formats.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support ipv6?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support ipv6?	Yes! Go to the Music menu and start playing a song playlist. While the music is playing, you can go to the Photos menu and start playing your slideshow with the music in the background.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support ipv6?	The maximum power consumption of XAV1101 is 3 Watts.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support usb 3.0 port?	The  NIGHTHAWK X4 R7500 ROUTER has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side of the router.	1
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support usb 3.0 port?	The DST will work with wired or wireless routers. The DST6501 adapter needs a router to provide IP addresses to connected devices.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support usb 3.0 port?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that both the router link LED and the client link LED are lit and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](http://kb.netgear.com/euf/rightnow/optimized/1387047160/themes/standard/www.mywifiext.net).	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support usb 3.0 port?	Please note that the firmware version before v1.0.0.34 (initial release) only supports Traffic Meter for WAN types on PPPoE or PPTP mode. Traffic Meter for WAN type with DHCP or Static IP mode will be supported on future FW release.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support usb 3.0 port?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB2001 Configuration utility.	0
Does the nighthawk x4 r7500 router support usb 3.0 port?	The choice is usually determined by your local telecommunication service provider. By choosing different plans offered by your service provider, an ADSL or a VDSL line is provided to you.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router have spi firewall?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	1
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router have spi firewall?	Yes, the XAVB2001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router have spi firewall?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router have spi firewall?	Switching ISP has nothing to do with projection. The problem might be due to copyrights protection.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router have spi firewall?	In an effort to bring more connectivity and simplicity to NETGEAR customers, NETGEAR is combining your ReadyCLOUD account with a single sign-on (SSO) account at MyNETGEAR.com. This means that you can use your MyNETGEAR.com account to connect to your ReadyCLOUD-enabled devices.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router have spi firewall?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV5001 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support ipv6?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	1
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support ipv6?	 The distance (200 feet) from the existing router is too far, thinking that there is also interference. Using a wireless powerline adapter is another option.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support ipv6?	There is one known issue in the software that is included in CD v1.0 (software version v1.0.0.18) about WPS PBC. If you use newer version CD or you use software upgrade function, this issue will be solved. The issue description is this : If you have another NETGEAR older products WNA3100 or WNDA3100v2 installed in your computer before, and you install A6200. This will cause A6200 WPS PBC can't work. However, you still can key in passphrase to manually connect to router via genie. The workaround solution is you can uninstall WNA3100 or WNDA3100v2 first and then install A6200 again. This known issue only happens in CD v1.0 and software v1.0.0.18. Newer version doesn't have this issue.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support ipv6?	There may be two reasons. One is that the broadband technology offered by your service is ADSL. D6400 is backward compatible and is connecting to your Internet Service Provider with the ADSL technology. Second possible reason is that the Internet speed is controlled by your Service Provider’s subscription plan. D6400 can connect to the fastest possible speed that your Service Provider delivers, within your plan, but not more.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support ipv6?	The fastest performance is with 150 Mbps, however this uses the 40 MHz frequency and may interfere with other wireless devices in the 2.4 GHz band such as other 802.11 equipment. To avoid this, you can set the router to work in the same 20 MHz bandwidth as 801.11b/g equipment, which reduces its maximum performance to 65 Mbps.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support ipv6?	,	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support usb 3.0 port?	The  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side of the router.	1
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support usb 3.0 port?	Yes, many new notebooks are coming with Wireless-N integrated. All these Wireless-N notebooks will connect at higher speeds and offer better range than when connected to your old Wireless-G Router. Look for “a/b/g/n” or “Next-Generation Wireless-N” on your notebook specifications to see if it is a Wireless-N notebook.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support usb 3.0 port?	* [ReadyCLOUD to MyNETGEAR Single Sign-On FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30671)	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support usb 3.0 port?	J9099B          100BASE-BX10-D  HP® X112 100M SFP LC BX-D Transceiver Yes                 No	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support usb 3.0 port?	A factory reset can be done by holding the hardware reset button for over 2 seconds or alternatively using the software “Factory Reset” button via Netgear Genie or via WebGUI.	0
Does the nighthawk x4s r7800 router support usb 3.0 port?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation and you need to stop it before installing the adapter.	0
Does the nighthawk x6 tri-band router support usb 3.0 port?	The Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router has two USB ports. Both the USB 3.0 port and USB 2.0 are located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as a USB printer and the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 hard drives.	1
Does the nighthawk x6 tri-band router support usb 3.0 port?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS, and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does the nighthawk x6 tri-band router support usb 3.0 port?	The AirCard Smart Cradle is compatible with AirCard 790S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced II), AirCard 785S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra Pre-Paid 4G My Pocket Wi-Fi Ultimate), AirCard 782S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced), and any Future NETGEAR AirCard Mobile Hotspots.	0
Does the nighthawk x6 tri-band router support usb 3.0 port?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today :	0
Does the nighthawk x6 tri-band router support usb 3.0 port?	In a typical situation where signal strength is improved, the data throughput will also be improved. However, there are many factors and variables impacting data speeds such as amount of traffic on the network, number of people connecting to the same network cell, the type of data you are accessing, etc. So, it also possible that in some circumstances the signal on the device is significantly improved, but the data speeds will remain the same. Most often this is when the network is slow and even the weaker signal is getting maximum throughput.	0
Does the nighthawk x6 tri-band router support usb 3.0 port?	a. Yes, the STMxxxM (Software Maintenance & Upgrades, 24/7 Support, & Advanced Replacement Subscription) is an integral part of the NETGEAR ProSECURE experience and includes:	0
Does the pl p 1200 support firmware upgrade?	When a new PLP1200 firmware is available, a firmware upgrade tool will be posted on the NETGEAR website.	1
Does the pl p 1200 support firmware upgrade?	"You will need to enter ""guest"" as username in the Windows pop-up screen for Read-only access ad leave password blank. For administrator access, please enter the same login username and password you have set on your router (by default, username is ""admin"" and password is ""password"")."	0
Does the pl p 1200 support firmware upgrade?	No, DM200 only allows you to use VDSL/ADSL port as a WAN port.	0
Does the pl p 1200 support firmware upgrade?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the pl p 1200 support firmware upgrade?	 No, it will not work.	0
Does the pl p 1200 support firmware upgrade?	The R6200v2 adopts the latest 11ac latest chip sets, supports a USB 3.0 port, and 256MB Flash memory for future software features expansion.	0
Does the pl p 1200 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the PLP1200 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	1
Does the pl p 1200 support standby mode for power saving?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
Does the pl p 1200 support standby mode for power saving?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the pl p 1200 support standby mode for power saving?	"Launch web browser to login GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	0
Does the pl p 1200 support standby mode for power saving?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Does the pl p 1200 support standby mode for power saving?	NETGEAR Beamforming+ includes standard based Beamforming implementation as defined by the current 802.11ac standard, the + refers to NETGEAR's implementation of driver level improvements done for improved Wi-Fi performance and range.	0
Does the pl1000 support firmware upgrade?	Yes. When a new PL1000 firmware is available, a firmware upgrade will be posted on the NETGEAR website.	1
Does the pl1000 support firmware upgrade?	When plugged into a the lower terminal of vertical two socket wall outlet, the PLP1200 may interfere with some, larger plugs. However, almost all 2 prong plugs and many 3 prong plugs will still fit.	0
Does the pl1000 support firmware upgrade?	Yes, WiFi Booster can use a different security key and security type from your router’s settings. WiFi Booster security type can be WPA-PSK, WPA2-PSK, WEP, or none security. Please note, only the WEP key need to consonance with your router’s setting if you chose WEP for your router and WiFi Booster. For example, if your router’s security type is WEP, security key is “1234567890”, and you also configure WiFi Booster’s security type to WEP, then the passphrase must be “1234567890”.	0
Does the pl1000 support firmware upgrade?	The XAV101v2 does not support 10/100 M half mode. Please do not set your Ethernet NIC cards to either 10M half mode or 100M half mode.	0
Does the pl1000 support firmware upgrade?	When Supervisory blade in Slot-1 is removed, hitless failover automatically happens and Back-up blade in Slot-2 becomes the ‘new’ Supervisor. Now, when the blade in Slot-1 has been serviced and/or replaced, nothing happens automatically, by design. The admin has to issue a command in the CLI (movemanagement <2> <1>) or perform a GUI configuration (System > Chassis > Basic > Chassis Configuration) in order to request reverse fail back to Slot-1 as the new Supervisor slot. This provides more control to the admin, while ensuring non-stop switching/routing and hitless fail back mechanism for the entire fabric and management. Network traffic isn’t impacted by the fail back.	0
Does the pl1000 support firmware upgrade?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter using Intel WiDi software on your PC, and click  PROPERTIES.	0
Does the pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the PL1000 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	1
Does the pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	If your ReadyNAS systems are not listed in the ReadyCLOUD portal after you complete the upgrade of your account, double check the local Admin page for the following items:	0
Does the pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	The Restore Factory Settings button is located on the bottom of the unit.While the adapter is turned on and wait until the LED turns amber and the TV screen shows “Ready for Connection”, press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button for more than 5 seconds until the LED on the front starts blinking.Release the Restore Factory Settings button and the adapter will reboot and restore factory settings.	0
Does the pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	The frequencies used by XAVB5601 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Does the pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the pl1000 support standby mode for power saving?	The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
Does the pl1200 support firmware upgrade?	When a new PL1200 firmware is available, a firmware upgrade tool will be posted on the NETGEAR website.	1
Does the pl1200 support firmware upgrade?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Does the pl1200 support firmware upgrade?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the pl1200 support firmware upgrade?	DGND4000 supports ADSL+ so it should. This actually depends if this model is available on his location.	0
Does the pl1200 support firmware upgrade?	Yes, the WNR2000v5 support this feature. You can visit this website on how to enable this feature:	0
Does the pl1200 support firmware upgrade?	Wireless isolation is no longer an option on the R7000.	0
Does the pl1200 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the PL1200 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	1
Does the pl1200 support standby mode for power saving?	The user name is admin, and the default password is password. Both are case-sensitive.	0
Does the pl1200 support standby mode for power saving?	DGND3800B automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
Does the pl1200 support standby mode for power saving?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
Does the pl1200 support standby mode for power saving?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Does the pl1200 support standby mode for power saving?	You will need at least a 1.2 Mbps connection to watch movies instantly on the NeoTV Streaming Player. The faster your connection, the better the quality. For high quality video and audio, a connection of least 2.5 Mbps is required, and for HD 1080p movies 4.5 Mbps is recommended. You can test your bandwidth at one of the sites listed below. Note: It also depends on the Internet connection quality, sometime higher bandwidth is required to accommodate the network packet lost.	0
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrade?	Yes.	1
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrade?	Yes, it will continue to improve the device’s antenna performance. However it will not charge the device and the Ethernet connection will not work.	0
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrade?	[How can I setup my ReadyNAS for FTP access over the Internet?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21480)	0
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrade?	No, the R7300 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrade?	No, the DM200 VDSL modem does not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrade?	DM200 does not support Ethernet WAN mode on LAN port 2.	0
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrades?	Yes.	1
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrades?	No. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can only be used to connect the PC to the WiFi Booster. See more instructions below.	0
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrades?	ReadyNAS Vault comes pre-installed on most ReadyNAS models running RAIDiator 4.2, RAIDiator 5.3, or ReadyNAS OS 6. If you are unable to determine if your model is supported, please visit [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started) or contact us via [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/requests/new](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).	0
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrades?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	0
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrades?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 145Mbps” on 2.4GHz and “Up to 433Mbps” on 5GHz.	0
Does the plw1000 support firmware upgrades?	Please use any NETGEAR 11ac WIFI router like R6300 or R6200 on the other end and install it in bridge mode to setup an 11ac WIFI connection. Please follow the instructions to setup R6300/R6200 in bridge mode:	0
Does the plw1000 support qos?	Yes.	1
Does the plw1000 support qos?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection.	0
Does the plw1000 support qos?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the D1500 wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
Does the plw1000 support qos?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature of XS708E would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. It is not configurable and enabled by default.	0
Does the plw1000 support qos?	The top of the wireless router includes a dome with status lights that identify the status of the selected option you chose for either Wireless data status (default), Guest Network status, Live Parental Controls status, or Broadband Usage Meter status. You can select your preferred option in router’s GUI	0
Does the plw1000 support qos?	The frequencies used by XAVB6504 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Does the pr2000 support port forwarding/triggering?	No, the PR2000 does not support this feature.	1
Does the pr2000 support port forwarding/triggering?	This wireless repeating function supports wireless base station mode and repeater mode. Before using it, please make sure all AP devices must use the same SSID, wireless channel, authentication mode & encryption mode.	0
Does the pr2000 support port forwarding/triggering?	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide best performance with WNA3100M.	0
Does the pr2000 support port forwarding/triggering?	8 internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	0
Does the pr2000 support port forwarding/triggering?	They are ProSAFE 8-port and 16-port Gigabit Click Switches. , offering the same software features as Plus Switches.	0
Does the pr2000 support port forwarding/triggering?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
Does the ptv2000 have problems playing dvds when changing isp?	Switching ISP has nothing to do with projection. The problem might be due to copyrights protection.	1
Does the ptv2000 have problems playing dvds when changing isp?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
Does the ptv2000 have problems playing dvds when changing isp?	The D500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
Does the ptv2000 have problems playing dvds when changing isp?	By default, the PL1000 device and PLW1000 use the same default encryption key so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Does the ptv2000 have problems playing dvds when changing isp?	The switch running PV(R)STP transmits IEEE standard spanning tree BPDUs along with SSTP BPDUs. SSTP BPDUs are PV(R)STP dedicated BPDUs.	0
Does the ptv2000 have problems playing dvds when changing isp?	Some older wireless client configuration utility may not be able to handle multiple SSID correctly. You may either upgrade to the later driver for the wireless client or use Windows resident wireless configuration utility instead.	0
Does the ptv3000 support apple devices such as ipads, iphones and others?	 No, it will not work.	1
Does the ptv3000 support apple devices such as ipads, iphones and others?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Does the ptv3000 support apple devices such as ipads, iphones and others?	You must buy 3x3 dual band wireless adapter or 450Mbps dual band wireless adapter like NETGEAR WNDA4100 or Centrino 6300, Centrino 5300, etc. Then you must be close to the router and toward the router to see the max. link rate 450Mbps.	0
Does the ptv3000 support apple devices such as ipads, iphones and others?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some service providers require that you subscribe to a basic TV service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
Does the ptv3000 support apple devices such as ipads, iphones and others?	Yes, the XAVB6504 defaults support TOS QoS.	0
Does the ptv3000 support apple devices such as ipads, iphones and others?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
Does the r6100 have snmp feature?	NETGEAR home routers does not have SNMP feature.	1
Does the r6100 have snmp feature?	"1. Select ""No, I want to configure the Internet connection myself."" option on the genie Setup Wizard page and click ""Next""."	0
Does the r6100 have snmp feature?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Does the r6100 have snmp feature?	The  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side of the router.	0
Does the r6100 have snmp feature?	The DC113A cradle will improve the antenna performance on your connected mobile hotspot by ~5dB. This will be noticeable on your device when the device is in poor to medium signal strength (between 1 and 3 bars, typically). If there is absolutely no signal where you are, the cradle can’t help. Conversely, if the cradle is right next to the cell tower and has full bars, the cradle can’t improve that either. However, if you are somewhere between no signal and full bars, the cradle will definitely improve signal strength.	0
Does the r6100 have snmp feature?	Centrino WiFi link 5300 supports HT40 and HT20 from Channel 1~11, but only supports HT20 at Channel 12 and 13.	0
Does the r6100 wifi router have a usb port?	The R6100 WiFi Router has a USB 2.0 port on the back.	1
Does the r6100 wifi router have a usb port?	a. No, there are no hard limits for any of the NETGEAR ProSECURE security appliances. The suggested user counts are conservative recommendations based on the specific throughput, connection handling, email handling, and client handling specifications of each individual appliance. For more information on appliance sizing for your application see THIS LINK.	0
Does the r6100 wifi router have a usb port?	The XAVB6504 has not a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware.	0
Does the r6100 wifi router have a usb port?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	0
Does the r6100 wifi router have a usb port?	* Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power/test LED light blinks. This takes about 5 to 10 seconds. (To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it).	0
Does the r6100 wifi router have a usb port?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Does the r6400 have spi firewall?	The R6400 has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	1
Does the r6400 have spi firewall?	1. Check if an update is available from the Internet.	0
Does the r6400 have spi firewall?	Customers must use the AC762S with an active SIM card which can be purchased from a mobile operator in your country. Data plan fees apply, and are sold directly by the mobile operator.	0
Does the r6400 have spi firewall?	* Works only with a Verizon Wireless 4G LTE service plan subscription.	0
Does the r6400 have spi firewall?	It should work as long as it is a static IP address. Just make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the Internet, whether it is IPv4 or IPv6. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have the plus or premium account.	0
Does the r6400 have spi firewall?	No, the option to the change the username of the router is not available. However, you can change the password to access the router's interface.	0
Does the r6400 need to scan all of the music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	Yes, the R6400 needs to rescan all of the music files when HDD is plugged back in.	1
Does the r6400 need to scan all of the music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	Port-based QOS, a unique feature of the XAV1004 and XAVB1004, allows a user to prioritize specific applications by simply plugging a device into a color-coded port on the back of the product. This way, a user can ensure that his gaming console or HD movies always receive unconstrained bandwidth, even when other devices are attempting to transmit data over the shared powerline networking.	0
Does the r6400 need to scan all of the music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	1. Make sure your AP is not running legacy B or G. This kind of AP can’t have enough wireless bandwidth to support HD.	0
Does the r6400 need to scan all of the music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
Does the r6400 need to scan all of the music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	Yes, however, it will not pass the data via the USB cable, only charge. Also, typically a PC USB port will not provide sufficient charge to get full functionality of the cradle, so it is not recommended.	0
Does the r6400 need to scan all of the music files again when the hdd is unplugged and plugged back in?	During installation via the Web genie, JNR3210/JMR3000 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check for the latest firmware on the website every time you log into the GUI.	0
Does the r6400 support ipv6?	Yes, the R6400 supports IPv6.	1
Does the r6400 support ipv6?	Yes, the WNR2000v4 supports WPS. You can use the hardware button located in front or use the WPS using the wizard on the NETGEAR genie.	0
Does the r6400 support ipv6?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
Does the r6400 support ipv6?	No.	0
Does the r6400 support ipv6?	If [btrfs-cleaner] gets stuck at 100% after upgrade, this is likely due to the ReadyNAS performing a quota check. As mentioned previously, the ReadyNAS may take some time doing a quota check. This quota check should only run once after upgrading as long as it is able to complete successfully. Rebooting your chassis might cause the quota check to restart from the beginning. Please allow it some time to finish. Also, btrfs-cleaner is commonly invoked after Smart Snapshot Management prunes older snapshots. ReadyNAS commonly prunes older snapshots based on its snapshot schedule. If your ReadyNAS is restarting btrfs-cleaner every time you restart and consuming 100% CPU endlessly, or if the device is not behaving as notated here, please contact [NETGEAR Support](http://support.netgear.com/general/contact/)	0
Does the r6400 support ipv6?	DGN2200v4 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Does the r6900 support usb 3.0?	Yes.	1
Does the r6900 support usb 3.0?	With many Internet Service Providers now restricting the maximum allowable traffic per month, many customers find out the hard way that their Internet usage exceeds what’s allowed by the ISP and as a result having to pay premium for over-usage.With Broadband Usage Meter, the router sends an warning to you indicating that you are close to reaching the limit.The generation of the warning message is customizable in the GUI and with this feature you are now safe from being surprised at the end of the month when the bill arrives.	0
Does the r6900 support usb 3.0?	The Channel of EX7000 is the same as the home network in internet surfing mode. You need to change home network's channel in order to change EX7000's channel.	0
Does the r6900 support usb 3.0?	No, Nighthawk (D7000), Nighthawk X4S (D7800), NETGEAR D6400 VDSL products do not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
Does the r6900 support usb 3.0?	Yes, the Mobile Hotspot is secure.Only users with the Wi-Fi key can connect over Wi-Fi, and Wi-Fi security is pre-set to mixed WPA/WPA2	0
Does the r6900 support usb 3.0?	C7000 USB2.0 supports USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 storage and printer devices.	0
Does the r7000 have spi firewall as stated on the product sheet?	The SPI firewall that the R7000 is built-in but cannot be customized.	1
Does the r7000 have spi firewall as stated on the product sheet?	No, the VLAN feature is currently designed to separate WAN services provided by your service provider (ISP). For example, your ISP may require this feature in order to separate Internet, IPTV, and/or telephony services. It is not meant to be used to configure the LAN side of the customer's network.	0
Does the r7000 have spi firewall as stated on the product sheet?	1. NTV550 can access media from CIFS (Windows file shares), Samba, NFS, and DLNA/UPNP. NFS (available on most NAS type devices) typically offers the best performance, followed by CIFS/SMB. Note that to access DVD or Bluray media, or to play media with associated external subtitles, you will need to use NFS/CIFS/Samba, not DLNA/UPNP.	0
Does the r7000 have spi firewall as stated on the product sheet?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
Does the r7000 have spi firewall as stated on the product sheet?	No, it does not have one. The R8000 has a netting or mesh covering. This helps the router to stay cool and for the heat to dissipate properly.	0
Does the r7000 have spi firewall as stated on the product sheet?	Dead Spot Terminator. It is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via a home’s electrical system. The standard is called HPAV2.	0
Does the r7000 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	With firmware v1.0.4.30 or higher, the R7000 has been certified to support 5GHz band 2 and 5GHz band 3 channel which includes channel 52, 56, 60, 64, 100, 104, 108, and 112.	1
Does the r7000 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	No. The extender is designed to connect wirelessly to the router.	0
Does the r7000 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
Does the r7000 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	The XAVB5001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site	0
Does the r7000 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 150Mbps” at 2.4GHz.	0
Does the r7000 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	We suggest you always use the latest firmware available. The newest firmware has the most up to date features and will be the most stable version available.	0
Does the r7000 support ipv6?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	1
Does the r7000 support ipv6?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac, and Linux (not iPhone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
Does the r7000 support ipv6?	* [ReadyDR FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/31224)	0
Does the r7000 support ipv6?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the extender. To allow the wireless device to connect, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
Does the r7000 support ipv6?	Yes, the AirCard 785 will work with any GSM/GPRS/EDGE/HSPA network such as AT&T or T-mobile. Unfortunately no North American LTE networks are supported.	0
Does the r7000 support ipv6?	The Power LED should be blinking (amber) during firmware upgrade. After firmware upgrade is done and boots up the system, it changes to steady amber color, and then change to solid white when finish the system boot up.Please DO NOT power off or reboot the device during firmware upgrade, otherwise, it may result to a corrupt firmware and cause the device not to work.	0
Does the r7000 support media bridge mode?	This is just the same as the normal bridge mode. We recommend to use 2 R7000s to get optimal connection on bridging.	1
Does the r7000 support media bridge mode?	7 smart internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	0
Does the r7000 support media bridge mode?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device and see if it works.	0
Does the r7000 support media bridge mode?	If you forget your user name and password, run the resource CD and use the Reset tool to reset your login information.	0
Does the r7000 support media bridge mode?	The WNR2000v5 does not come with an installation CD. It has a new feature called NETGEAR genie that will help with the installation of the router.	0
Does the r7000 support media bridge mode?	No. Arlo Q cameras are powered cameras. You need to plug the camera into an electrical outlet and connect it to your Wi-Fi router.	0
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	It might be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply. The Nighthawk might not be able to supply the power requirement of this enclosure due to its multiple drives.	1
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	No, unfortunately the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	If you do not have ReadyCLOUD account, you can use an existing MyNETGEAR.com account or create a MyNETGEAR.com account to use the ReadyCLOUD service.	0
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	The frequencies used by PL1200 are in the range of 2MHz to 68MHz.	0
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	192.168.0.1.	0
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives, the Nighthawk might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R7000 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	1
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	The power consumption is 9.49 watts.	0
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	No, the DST6501 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PL1200 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router. The EX2700 does not use the WPS protocol to connect to your router. If your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it, please follow the FAQ 7 to complete the installation.	0
Does the r7000 usb 3.0 ports support multiple drives in 2-4 bay enclosure?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	0
Does the r7300 firmware get automatically updated?	Yes. By default the router will check for newer firmware every day (4 AM local time) and install it if available. The time and frequency can be updated in the settings.	1
Does the r7300 firmware get automatically updated?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
Does the r7300 firmware get automatically updated?	Under the default settings of the N450, open your browser (IE/Chrome/Firefox/Safari) and enter the URL [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) to access GUI. The default account is admin/password.	0
Does the r7300 firmware get automatically updated?	The WNDR4500 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
Does the r7300 firmware get automatically updated?	No, your DM111PSPv2 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
Does the r7300 firmware get automatically updated?	"Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays ""error 101"" error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears."	0
Does the r7300 have spi firewall?	Yes, SPI firewall is built-in but cannot be customized.	1
Does the r7300 have spi firewall?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use.	0
Does the r7300 have spi firewall?	FS105 is an unmanaged switch with five 10/100Mbps ports in a metal case and v3 means Version 3.	0
Does the r7300 have spi firewall?	During installation via the Web genie, JNR3210/JMR3000 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check for the latest firmware on the website every time you log into the GUI.	0
Does the r7300 have spi firewall?	* For each PL1200 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Does the r7300 have spi firewall?	No, the EVA8000 does not get very hot, though it is recommended that it have decent ventilation, since like any piece of electronics it will build up heat over time.	0
Does the r7300 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	No support for DFS channels as this product is for North American customers only.	1
Does the r7300 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	Yes. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can be used to connect the Extender to your existing router or connect your PC to the Extender. To use WPS to connect the extender to your router or your PC, first, press EX2700’s WPS button. Within 2 minutes, press your router or your PC’s WPS button.	0
Does the r7300 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	A6210 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6210 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
Does the r7300 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
Does the r7300 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	There are some approaches.	0
Does the r7300 support dfs channels on the 5ghz band for european countries?	 POWER                  Solid Green: Power is supplied to the router.                                                                                                                                                                                              Solid Red: POST (Power-On Self-Test) failure or device malfunction                                                                        Off: No power is supplied to the router	0
Does the r7300 support ipv6?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	1
Does the r7300 support ipv6?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
Does the r7300 support ipv6?	Any 5GHz Wi-Fi channels at 149 and above is recommended for use as they can support better Wi-Fi range and performance.	0
Does the r7300 support ipv6?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2 MHz to 86 MHz.	0
Does the r7300 support ipv6?	Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps. (Best)	0
Does the r7300 support ipv6?	During installation the firmware will automatically check for newer versions and download if found. After download, new firmware will need to be installed manually.	0
Does the r7300 support media bridge mode?	This is the same as the normal bridge mode. We recommend using two R7300s to get an optimal bridge connection.	1
Does the r7300 support media bridge mode?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product .	0
Does the r7300 support media bridge mode?	The  PL1000 ADAPTER needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The  PLW1000 will work with a  WIRED OR WIRELESS type of router.	0
Does the r7300 support media bridge mode?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Does the r7300 support media bridge mode?	Yes. To display different content, change the screen display setting on your computer to extend mode.	0
Does the r7300 support media bridge mode?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold today by NETGEAR today -- Homeplug 1.0 (including the XE102G, XE102, WGXB102, WGX102);	0
Does the r7300 support usb 3.0?	The router has two USB ports. The USB 3.0 port is located on the front panel of the router. The USB 2.0 port is located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as USB printers. Use the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 compatible hard drives.	1
Does the r7300 support usb 3.0?	"The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web GUI. Go to BASIC > xDSL and change “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply”. Alternatively you can configure this setting under Advanced Settings via ADVANCED > SETUP > ADSL SETTINGS and change the “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply""."	0
Does the r7300 support usb 3.0?	Unfortunately, the WNDR4500 does not support jumbo frames.	0
Does the r7300 support usb 3.0?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX6200 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	0
Does the r7300 support usb 3.0?	The default IP address is 192.168.5.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default credentials “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
Does the r7300 support usb 3.0?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
Does the r7900 have spi firewall?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	1
Does the r7900 have spi firewall?	Push-N-Connect is a feature which makes it very simple to connect wireless devices (notebooks, desktops, etc.) to a secure wireless network without needing to remember security pass phrases, or security method (WEP, WPA-PSK, WPA2). The user only needs to select the wireless network that they want to connect to, and then press the Push-N-Connect button on the router. Push-N-Connect does the rest. Push-N-Connect must be supported on the router and each wireless device in order to take advantage of this feature. Push-N-Connect is based on the WiFi Protected Setup (WPS) standard.	0
Does the r7900 have spi firewall?	The power consumption of XAV2001 is 4 Watts in 110V AC and 5 Watts in 220V AC .	0
Does the r7900 have spi firewall?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
Does the r7900 have spi firewall?	1. Write down all the settings which you changed from the default values, since you may need to reenter them manually.	0
Does the r7900 have spi firewall?	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
Does the r7900 support ipv6?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	1
Does the r7900 support ipv6?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
Does the r7900 support ipv6?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
Does the r7900 support ipv6?	If the PC where the Digital Entertainer for Windows software is running is a member of a Windows domain:	0
Does the r7900 support ipv6?	* DOCSIS 2.0 is a single downstream channel at 38Mbps and a single upstream channel at 27Mbps	0
Does the r7900 support ipv6?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection.	0
Does the r7900 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives. The Nighthawk X6 might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R7900 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	1
Does the r7900 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	You can enable the XWN5021 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	0
Does the r7900 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	We do not have a list of compatible external antennas. The antenna spec is a dual band antenna, 2DBi for both 2.4GHz and 5GHz. Please check with FCC regulation regarding using higher gain antennas. We do not recommend using other antennas with the R7000.	0
Does the r7900 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	There are three built-in connections in this device, the ADSL port, two Ethernet ports, and the N150 (150Mbps) WiFi. That combination is all one needs to get Internet connection via a DSL service, and share that Internet connection with multiple WiFi devices, such as notebook computers, Smartphones, tablets, etc. The Ethernet connector is for devices that do not have built-in WiFi but still need to get on to the Internet.	0
Does the r7900 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	Do NOT power off or reboot the router during the firmware update, otherwise it may corrupt the firmware and render the router inoperable.	0
Does the r7900 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	It currently does not support multi pvc as described. It may be a product limitation of NETGEAR home devices at the moment.	0
Does the r8000 have an internal cooling fan?	No, it does not have one. The R8000 has a netting or mesh covering. This helps the router to stay cool and for the heat to dissipate properly.	1
Does the r8000 have an internal cooling fan?	NETGEAR WNR2000v2 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	0
Does the r8000 have an internal cooling fan?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Does the r8000 have an internal cooling fan?	The maximum WiFi clients supported is 32.	0
Does the r8000 have an internal cooling fan?	No, ASP150W cannot be used in other M4300 models.	0
Does the r8000 have an internal cooling fan?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3700.	0
Does the r8000 have spi firewall?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	1
Does the r8000 have spi firewall?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Does the r8000 have spi firewall?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
Does the r8000 have spi firewall?	C7000 is a dual-band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device’s capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	0
Does the r8000 have spi firewall?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter and click Properties.	0
Does the r8000 have spi firewall?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input)	0
Does the r8000 support ipv6?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	1
Does the r8000 support ipv6?	The Channel of EX7000 is the same as the home network in internet surfing mode. You need to change home network's channel in order to change EX7000's channel.	0
Does the r8000 support ipv6?	* XS708E can only be configured using ProSAFE Plus Utility. XS708Ev2 supports both Plus Utility and Web browser for remote access.	0
Does the r8000 support ipv6?	Arlo Q camera boxes include the following:	0
Does the r8000 support ipv6?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
Does the r8000 support ipv6?	Yes, WNR2200 supports FAT16, FAT32, NTFS, NTFS compressed, and ext2 file systems.	0
Does the r8000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives. The Nighthawk X6 might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R8000 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	1
Does the r8000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router’s USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly.	0
Does the r8000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Does the r8000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	In North America, NETGEAR Powerline products work with 110 volt 2-prong or 3-prong electrical outlets. Outside of North America, there are country specific plugs for the Powerline products sold in those regions.	0
Does the r8000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	NETGEAR does not have a timeframe when a firmware will be pushed down to customer's units. NETGEAR provide the firmware to the ISP which will go through their approval process. Once the firmware is approved, the ISP will push down the firmware to the N450 on their schedule. Customers should always have the latest approved firmware available from their ISP.	0
Does the r8000 usb 3.0 port support multiple drives i.e. 2-4 bay enclosures?	To go to POWER OFF(power saving mode), push and hold the Security/Power button for 5 – 10 seconds. Pressing the button again for less than 2 seconds returns it to POWER ON(normal mode).	0
Does the r8500 have spi firewall?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled since this option is not available in the web interface.	1
Does the r8500 have spi firewall?	We do not support the EVA as a NAS. You'll find the EVA's server performance is not up to par with actual NAS devices. The hard drive option is provided for the following purposes:	0
Does the r8500 have spi firewall?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem products, your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware image to your unit after they have certified it.	0
Does the r8500 have spi firewall?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR genie configuration utility.	0
Does the r8500 have spi firewall?	"Follow the Installation Guide or user manual to make sure the correct connection among your PC, the router and the modem. Configure your PC to obtain the IP address automatically. By default, the router's IP address is 192.168.1.1. Try to Ping the 192.168.1.1 from your PC. If the PING works, launch the web browser and type in http://192.168.1.1 or http://www.routerlogin.net to access the router. The default login id is ""admin"", and the password is ""password"". The ""CD-less Installation Wizard"" of the router can help to automatically detect the Internet connection. Please refer to the Reference Manual."	0
Does the r8500 have spi firewall?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold today by NETGEAR today -- Homeplug 1.0 (including the XE102G, XE102, WGXB102, WGX102); HomePlug 1.0 Turbo (including the XE103G, XE103, XEB1004, XE104, XETB1001, XET1001, XEPS103, XEPSB103, XEPSB1001); UPA (including the HDXB101, HDX101, HDXB111); and HomePlug AV (including XAVB101, XAV101, XAVB1004, XAV1004). In terms of compatibility, please consider the following --	0
Does the r8500 support jumbo frames?	No, the R8500 does not support jumbo frames.	1
Does the r8500 support jumbo frames?	It means the devices failed to start properly or poor WiFi link quality.	0
Does the r8500 support jumbo frames?	The USB HDD can be accessed by entering the IP address \\192.168.0.5 in the Windows explorer. The USB Hard Drive will show up as ‘storage0’ (The second USB will show up as ‘storage1’). The current Graphical User Interface (GUI) of the initial shipping firmware doesn't provide ReadySHARE information. It will be supported in the next firmware release.	0
Does the r8500 support jumbo frames?	 The SSID and the wireless password is printed on the back or bottom of the router.	0
Does the r8500 support jumbo frames?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Does the r8500 support jumbo frames?	No. There is no option on the GTV100 to update its flash player version.	0
Does the r8500 support wds or repeating function?	Due to security concerns with WDS, the R8500 does not support this feature.	1
Does the r8500 support wds or repeating function?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem router products, your cable provider is responsible for pushing the firmware upgrade to your unit after they have certified it.	0
Does the r8500 support wds or repeating function?	WN111v2 can achieve up to 300Mbps when connecting to a RANGEMAX NEXT wireless router WNR854T. In order for WN111v2 to reach the maximum performance with RANGEMAX NEXT wireless router, either no security or WPA2-PSK [AES] should be used when connecting to a WNR854T.	0
Does the r8500 support wds or repeating function?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and you could access the printer wired or wirelessly.	0
Does the r8500 support wds or repeating function?	Yes, but only using static IP addresses.	0
Does the r8500 support wds or repeating function?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Does the router support parental controls?	Yes, the WNR2000v4 support this feature. For more information including how to enable this feature see our [Parental Controls](http://www.netgear.com/lpc#) page.	1
Does the router support parental controls?	Pick a plug is a technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
Does the router support parental controls?	Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Remove%20registered%20product) with:	0
Does the router support parental controls?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Does the router support parental controls?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WNR2000v3, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network. We also recommend that you configure a security mode and passphrase for your Guest Network different from your primary wireless network as an added security.	0
Does the router support parental controls?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501 and XAVB2501 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
Does the sfp+ fiber port support 10 gbps only?	No, it supports both 1G and 10Gbps	1
Does the sfp+ fiber port support 10 gbps only?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Does the sfp+ fiber port support 10 gbps only?	To obtain an optimum performance and usability, we recommend users to use NETGEAR powerline product like XE102, WGX102 or XE104. They are tested and proven on interoperability. Furthermore, XE103 85Mbps Wall-Plugged Ethernet Adapter is compatible to the HomePlug standard; it operates with all other devices being compatible to this standard.	0
Does the sfp+ fiber port support 10 gbps only?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the sfp+ fiber port support 10 gbps only?	1. Verify that the NTV550 unit is powered on. Note that after plugging in the unit, the unit remains off until you press the Power button on the front of the unit, right side.	0
Does the sfp+ fiber port support 10 gbps only?	Yes, WPN824N is workable under Mac OS, and you may access Internet without problem via browser Safari 1.4 higher version.	0
Does the usb 2.0 port supports legacy usb 1.1 devices?	C7000 USB2.0 supports USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 storage and printer devices.	1
Does the usb 2.0 port supports legacy usb 1.1 devices?	That means PR2000 does not recognized your USB storage. It may have interoperability issue, or the power source of PR2000 is not enough to provide current to the storage.	0
Does the usb 2.0 port supports legacy usb 1.1 devices?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3700.	0
Does the usb 2.0 port supports legacy usb 1.1 devices?	The GS316 has a 3 year warranty. In China and India a 1 year warranty applies.	0
Does the usb 2.0 port supports legacy usb 1.1 devices?	Yes it is recommended to buy a Wireless-N Adapter for best performance and upgrade your Wireless-G based Notebooks and desktops to Wireless-N.	0
Does the usb 2.0 port supports legacy usb 1.1 devices?	* For each PL1200 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Does the video captured - in normal light - from the night vision camera appear in color?	Yes. Indoors the video will be in color and appear normal. Outside - in sunlight - the video will also be in color, but the color will be washed out or muted, and some colors may be distorted.	1
Does the video captured - in normal light - from the night vision camera appear in color?	The NETGEAR DGN1000 uses 1 antenna for transmit and receive.	0
Does the video captured - in normal light - from the night vision camera appear in color?	The factory reset button is located on the bottom of the unit. First, locate the small hole close to the screw. The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 5 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
Does the video captured - in normal light - from the night vision camera appear in color?	The R8000 uses 12v-5A power supply. The maximum power draw could be up to 60 watts. However, the usage can be lower due to the number of devices connected to ti and the functionality that is running on the router. Not to mention, the router has many power savings features that can help reduce power consumption such as green power supply, auto-sensing gigabit Ethernet ports, wireless On/Off switch, and wireless scheduling.	0
Does the video captured - in normal light - from the night vision camera appear in color?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Does the video captured - in normal light - from the night vision camera appear in color?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet is strongly recommended to get the best performances. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
Does the video captured - in the dark - from the night vision camera appear in color?	No. Like other night vision cameras, the video will appear black and white, possibly with a bit of a greenish tint.	1
Does the video captured - in the dark - from the night vision camera appear in color?	During installation via the browser based genie, the Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time when you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alert when new firmware is available.	0
Does the video captured - in the dark - from the night vision camera appear in color?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the video captured - in the dark - from the night vision camera appear in color?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the video captured - in the dark - from the night vision camera appear in color?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
Does the video captured - in the dark - from the night vision camera appear in color?	No, the QoS on the router is for Internet traffic, not layer 2 QoS in LAN side by the powerline devices.	0
Does the vob file support in the eva8000 support iso/menu structured playback?	Yes, the EVA8000 can play ISO or IFO structured files. While DVD style “menus” won’t play all the content can be accessed, and each IFO or ISO will only be shown once in the media list. Also, the EVA8000 can only playback ISO/IFO/VOBs which are not CSS protected.	1
Does the vob file support in the eva8000 support iso/menu structured playback?	Before you start your DSL installation:	0
Does the vob file support in the eva8000 support iso/menu structured playback?	This channel change will have a positive improvement to your 5GHz Wi-Fi performance because 5GHz Wi-Fi channels at 149 and above offer better Wi-Fi range and performance.	0
Does the vob file support in the eva8000 support iso/menu structured playback?	Depending on your Powerline model, you can connect up to 64 nodes (check the FAQ section for your model to make sure about exact number).	0
Does the vob file support in the eva8000 support iso/menu structured playback?	We do not have a list of compatible external antennas. The antenna spec is a dual band antenna, 2DBi for both 2.4GHz and 5GHz. Please check with FCC regulation regarding using higher gain antennas. We do not recommend using other antennas with the R7000.	0
Does the vob file support in the eva8000 support iso/menu structured playback?	Yes, the C6300 does support VPN pass-through.	0
Does the wndap350 work on legacy 802.3af poe? or does it require the draft 802.3at poe?	The WNDAP350 will work with the existing 802.3af PoE infrastructure, so no new, non-standard equipment needs to be deployed.	1
Does the wndap350 work on legacy 802.3af poe? or does it require the draft 802.3at poe?	A6200 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6200 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac also provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
Does the wndap350 work on legacy 802.3af poe? or does it require the draft 802.3at poe?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the wndap350 work on legacy 802.3af poe? or does it require the draft 802.3at poe?	Depending on the product purchased, the license will either be in the form of an electronic license or a printed license key card.	0
Does the wndap350 work on legacy 802.3af poe? or does it require the draft 802.3at poe?	The WNR2000v5 does not come with an installation CD. It has a new feature called NETGEAR genie that will help with the installation of the router.	0
Does the wndap350 work on legacy 802.3af poe? or does it require the draft 802.3at poe?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the wndr3400v3 have a gigabit wan port?	No. This model does not have a Gigabit WAN port.	1
Does the wndr3400v3 have a gigabit wan port?	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	0
Does the wndr3400v3 have a gigabit wan port?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the wndr3400v3 have a gigabit wan port?	802.3az is an IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) standard, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
Does the wndr3400v3 have a gigabit wan port?	Yes.	0
Does the wndr3400v3 have a gigabit wan port?	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TVs is recommended for the best viewing experience.	0
Does the wndr4500 support openvpn?	OpenVPN is the same as VPN passthrough. No configuration needed on the router to setup the VPN. This requires VPN client software to setup the connection.	1
Does the wndr4500 support openvpn?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Does the wndr4500 support openvpn?	You keep your existing wireless router or gateway as is, with no need to change your current settings. You simply plug one of the WNHDE111 to the existing router/gateway and you now have a Wireless-N 5 GHz network established. You still have your existing G network at 2.4 GHz frequency for normal data and voice while using the 5 GHz Wireless-N for faster and high bandwidth demanding applications like video streaming and online gaming.	0
Does the wndr4500 support openvpn?	* Press the Security button of one of the XAVB2101 units for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Does the wndr4500 support openvpn?	Try to change the wireless settings of the main router. You can also try re-flashing the firmware of the router and the extender.	0
Does the wndr4500 support openvpn?	No, WN111v2 does not support Windows 98 and Windows ME.	0
"Does the wnr2200 have ""turn on/turn off wireless signal by schedule"" feature?"	Yes, the WNR2200 have this feature.	1
"Does the wnr2200 have ""turn on/turn off wireless signal by schedule"" feature?"	Press reset button for more than 10sec, WNR1500 will launch reset-to-default process.	0
"Does the wnr2200 have ""turn on/turn off wireless signal by schedule"" feature?"	No, it supports both 1G and 10Gbps.	0
"Does the wnr2200 have ""turn on/turn off wireless signal by schedule"" feature?"	Yes, the XAVB2101 support VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
"Does the wnr2200 have ""turn on/turn off wireless signal by schedule"" feature?"	It is 16 Amp for GR and FR, 15 Amp for NA and 13 Amp for UK.	0
"Does the wnr2200 have ""turn on/turn off wireless signal by schedule"" feature?"	"Netflix channel can only be used and accessed using the D-PAD mode (Up/Down/Left/Right/OK). You will not be able to use the Touch Pad (mouse/mouse click) mode to control and navigate the Netflix channel. When using the Touch Pad mode, you will no longer be able to see the mouse pointer but instead you will see a ""stop"" icon (circle with a line). When using Netflix, please turn of the Touch Pad by pressing any one of the Up/Down/Left/Right button."	0
Does the xau2511 support power saving mode?	XAU2511 have ON/OFF button to power on/power off the device.	1
Does the xau2511 support power saving mode?	To ensure the maximum performance at 5GHz between WNDA3100v2 and Linksys WRT600N, please configure your Linksys router to use a higher channel number on the wide channel than the standard channel number when operating in Wide-40MHz channel. The Radio Band of Wide – 40MHz channel means the router is functioning at HT 40 mode. Set the wide channel to 46 and standard channel to 44 – 5.220GHz to see the maximum 5GHz performance between WNDA3100v2 and WRT600N. If your Linksys router is running at HT20 mode (20MHz channel) then there is no manual setting required to achieve high throughput between the two products.	0
Does the xau2511 support power saving mode?	When plugged into a the lower terminal of vertical two socket wall outlet, the PLP1200 may interfere with some, larger plugs. However, almost all 2 prong plugs and many 3 prong plugs will still fit.	0
Does the xau2511 support power saving mode?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push ‘N’ Connect button:	0
Does the xau2511 support power saving mode?	The Nighthawk X6 Tri - Band Router boosts WiFi speeds on 2.4 GHz with support for 256 QAM. This is a specific mode-Turbo QAM supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more WiFi clients based on 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure that even when you connect on the 2.4 GHz band with these 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
Does the xau2511 support power saving mode?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601, XAV1401, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
Does the xav1004 support firmware upgrade?	The XAV1004 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrade.	1
Does the xav1004 support firmware upgrade?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
Does the xav1004 support firmware upgrade?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Does the xav1004 support firmware upgrade?	* [ReadyCLOUD Permissions](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24927)	0
Does the xav1004 support firmware upgrade?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 300Mbps link rate.	0
Does the xav1004 support firmware upgrade?	The default login name (case sensitive) is admin and the default login password (case sensitive) is password.	0
Does the xav1004 support standby mode?	Yes, the XAV1004 does support Standby mode.	1
Does the xav1004 support standby mode?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the xav1004 support standby mode?	3G: HSPA / UMTS @ 2100MHz and 2G: GSM / GPRS / EDGE @ 850/900/ 1800/1900MHz	0
Does the xav1004 support standby mode?	This button is for user to reset all of the settings back to factory defaults.	0
Does the xav1004 support standby mode?	Press and hold the two push buttons on the side for 1 second to reset the router.Press the reset button for more than 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default settings.	0
Does the xav1004 support standby mode?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	0
Does the xav101 support firmware upgrades?	The XAV101 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrades. Connect your PC to one of the XAV101 devices and run the XAV101 Configuration utility. You can upgrade all of the XAV101 devices in you home through the device.	1
Does the xav101 support firmware upgrades?	* Make sure the WLAN LED is green. If it is not green color, move WNCE2001 closer to your AP.	0
Does the xav101 support firmware upgrades?	* [How to diagnose backup job failures on a ReadyNAS OS 6 system](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29829)	0
Does the xav101 support firmware upgrades?	No.	0
Does the xav101 support firmware upgrades?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the xav101 support firmware upgrades?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601 and XAV1401 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
Does the xav101 support standby mode?	Yes, the XAV101 does support Standby mode.	1
Does the xav101 support standby mode?	1. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Reset push button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Does the xav101 support standby mode?	a. Virus and spam definitions are constantly updated by NETGEAR ProSECURE Labs employees and your appliance will update itself on an hourly basis by default.	0
Does the xav101 support standby mode?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
Does the xav101 support standby mode?	* For each XAVB5602 device, press its Security button for >1.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Does the xav101 support standby mode?	Please make sure the wireless radio is enabled. If it is not, you can press the WiFi on/off radio button for 2 seconds to turn it on. The WiFi on/off button is located on the front panel of the device.	0
Does the xav101v2 support auto fw standby mode?	No, the XAV101v2 does not support auto FW standby mode. However, you could press the Security/Power button by pressing and hold the button for 5 to 10 seconds to let the adapters to get into POWER OFF mode. Pressing the button again returns it to POWER ON.	1
Does the xav101v2 support auto fw standby mode?	The factory reset button is located on the bottom of the unit. First, locate the small hole close to the screw. The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 5 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
Does the xav101v2 support auto fw standby mode?	JGS524E supports loop detection. When a loop is detected, the left LED on the affected port will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second.	0
Does the xav101v2 support auto fw standby mode?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
Does the xav101v2 support auto fw standby mode?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
Does the xav101v2 support auto fw standby mode?	In main GUI page, click in ‘settings’ icon and then click on ‘network’ to configure your network type. Before doing so, please make sure your current connection is disconnect; otherwise, the list will be gray out and you won’t be able to edit it until you disconnect the current connection. And without the SIM card inert in the dongle, you will not be able to change the default setting as well (gray-out)	0
Does the xav101v2 support firmware upgrade?	NETGEAR will release the firmware upgrade tool on XAV101v2 product page to upgrade the devices to the latest firmware.	1
Does the xav101v2 support firmware upgrade?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. With WPS, it automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does the xav101v2 support firmware upgrade?	Yes, DGN3500 supports Wireless Distribution System (WDS). However, WDS compatibility across different platforms can be problematic.	0
Does the xav101v2 support firmware upgrade?	The Powerline adapter can only be awoken by a device that is connected to its Ethernet port, not via the power outlet. So, if the Powerline adapter is asleep, it can't pass data to the printer (or NAS), only FROM the printer..	0
Does the xav101v2 support firmware upgrade?	* [Enabling Ethernet port aggregation on R8500](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29910)	0
Does the xav101v2 support firmware upgrade?	Please login into the genie GUI first, then select “ADVANCED” tab, then click “Administration”, followed by “Set Password”. After the new password has been entered, please click the “Apply” button to save it.	0
Does the xav2602 support standby mode for power saving?	During normal operation, the XAV2602 automatically goes into power saving mode when the Ethernet link is down for 10 minutes. While in power saving mode, the XAV2602 will leave the power saving mode when the Ethernet link is back.	1
Does the xav2602 support standby mode for power saving?	There are some approaches.	0
Does the xav2602 support standby mode for power saving?	The installation or configuration CD is not required to install or configure your router. The Setup Wizard in the router management interface serves the same purpose as the Smart Wizard on the installation CD.	0
Does the xav2602 support standby mode for power saving?	1. Make sure your AP is not running legacy B or G. This kind of AP can’t have enough wireless bandwidth to support HD.	0
Does the xav2602 support standby mode for power saving?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
Does the xav2602 support standby mode for power saving?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the Extender network and your PC is configured as DHCP client mode. In your browser, type the URL [http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net). If you still cannot access the Extender, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net).	0
Does the xav5001 support firmware upgrade?	The XAV5001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	1
Does the xav5001 support firmware upgrade?	Factory reset can be accomplished by holding the hardware reset button for one second or using the software Factory Reset button via the NETGEAR genie.	0
Does the xav5001 support firmware upgrade?	There is a LED switch at the back panel, make sure it is pushed in.	0
Does the xav5001 support firmware upgrade?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the xav5001 support firmware upgrade?	* Please connect to WN2000RPT through wired, and log in at http://www.mywifiext.net, and check the wireless setting page.	0
Does the xav5001 support firmware upgrade?	* Green: The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps.	0
Does the xav5001 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAV5001 does support Standby mode for power saving.	1
Does the xav5001 support standby mode for power saving?	Please follow below steps to configure.	0
Does the xav5001 support standby mode for power saving?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the xav5001 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, M6100 Chassis Switch provides the admin with two differentiated methods (in-band and out-of-band) for Telnet, SSH and Web GUI network access. For security, the admin can decide to allow or restrict any of these two methods. Out-of-band management is possible through the dedicated OOB RJ45 10/100/1000 port on the front of any I/O blades ((XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) when inserted in Supervisor Slot-1 (default). A second connection is recommended through OOB port on the blade inserted in Back-up Supervisor slot (Slot-2 by default) in case of failover. If OOB restriction is not a requirement, in-band management can be also available from any network port from any slot: Management ACLs are available to restrict which port(s) can reach M6100 CPU in that case.	0
Does the xav5001 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, SPI firewall is built-in but cannot be customized.	0
Does the xav5001 support standby mode for power saving?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
Does the xav5201 support firmware upgrade?	The XAV5201 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	1
Does the xav5201 support firmware upgrade?	The frequencies used by XAV1004 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
Does the xav5201 support firmware upgrade?	To go to POWER OFF(power saving mode), push and hold the Security/Power button for 5 – 10 seconds. Pressing the button again for less than 2 seconds returns it to POWER ON(normal mode).	0
Does the xav5201 support firmware upgrade?	"Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays ""error 101"" error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears."	0
Does the xav5201 support firmware upgrade?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Does the xav5201 support firmware upgrade?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the xav5201 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAV5201 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	1
Does the xav5201 support standby mode for power saving?	Depending on the number of power supplies and the I/O blades combination, M6100-3S chassis can provide up to 6,000W PoE budget. For instance, all 144 ports (Max 1G capacity) can provide each full PoE+ 30W per port or 41.5W UPOE power per port. Another example, up to 99 ports can provide full UPOE 60W per port.	0
Does the xav5201 support standby mode for power saving?	Any Network Storage device can be connected to the NETGEAR Router's Ethernet port. Just make sure that it is getting a valid IP address from our router so it will be visible from the network. Mapping or accessing the files from the NAS using a computer is beyond NETGEAR's support scope. Please refer to the manufacturer of the NAS for additional assistance.	0
Does the xav5201 support standby mode for power saving?	Your ReadyNAS can be accessed from any computer (Mac/Windows/Linux), tablet, smartphone, or web browser. You can access your data using built-in operating system file managers (Finder, MyComputer, etc), mobile applications (Android, iOS), or any internet device with a web browser via our ReadyCLOUD portal.. Your files can be accessed from remote locations without the need to setup complicated VPNs, configure firewalls, or ever know an IP address. ReadyNAS matches the way you want to use and access your data. There is nothing new to learn.	0
Does the xav5201 support standby mode for power saving?	Depending on the distance between the 2 plugs the PLP1200 might cover the other socket. In fact the distance from the powerline plug to its edge is 23mm. If the space between the two socket plugs is equal or major than 15mm then you should be able to fit another device beside your powerline.	0
Does the xav5201 support standby mode for power saving?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
Does the xavb1101 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAVB1101 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	1
Does the xavb1101 support standby mode for power saving?	The D500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
Does the xavb1101 support standby mode for power saving?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet is strongly recommended to get the best performances. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
Does the xavb1101 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, it will continue to improve the device’s antenna performance. However it will not charge the device and the Ethernet connection will not work.	0
Does the xavb1101 support standby mode for power saving?	The XWN5001 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The device will resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	0
Does the xavb1101 support standby mode for power saving?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled since this option is not available in the web interface.	0
Does the xavb2001 support firmware upgrade?	The XAVB2001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download from the NETGEAR web site.	1
Does the xavb2001 support firmware upgrade?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using 2 options:	0
Does the xavb2001 support firmware upgrade?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the xavb2001 support firmware upgrade?	"This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check ""Enable Video Network"" to avoid jitter in your wireless network."	0
Does the xavb2001 support firmware upgrade?	* [via Mapped Network Drive](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/19864)	0
Does the xavb2001 support firmware upgrade?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Does the xavb2001 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAVB2001 does support Standby mode for power saving.	1
Does the xavb2001 support standby mode for power saving?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAVN2001 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Does the xavb2001 support standby mode for power saving?	"Launch web browser to log in GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	0
Does the xavb2001 support standby mode for power saving?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the xavb2001 support standby mode for power saving?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
Does the xavb2001 support standby mode for power saving?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Does the xavb2101 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAVB2101 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	1
Does the xavb2101 support standby mode for power saving?	They support to get dynamic IP address from DHCP server by default. If a DHCP server is not installed in your network, the default IP address is 192.168.0.239	0
Does the xavb2101 support standby mode for power saving?	The USB port allows user to download/upload switch firmware or configuration file using USB flash device. It is also used to recover the firmware image through the utility menu during boot up. It is more effective and easier than using XMODEM serial port protocol for file transfer.	0
Does the xavb2101 support standby mode for power saving?	No, WN111v2 does not support Windows 98 and Windows ME.	0
Does the xavb2101 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAVB5001 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Does the xavb2101 support standby mode for power saving?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 150Mbps support the draft 802.11N	0
Does the xavb5001 support firmware upgrade?	The XAVB5001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site	1
Does the xavb5001 support firmware upgrade?	No, PLW1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
Does the xavb5001 support firmware upgrade?	Possible reasons:	0
Does the xavb5001 support firmware upgrade?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does the xavb5001 support firmware upgrade?	The GS316 has a 3 year warranty. In China and India a 1 year warranty applies.	0
Does the xavb5001 support firmware upgrade?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the xavb5001 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAVB5001 does support Standby mode for power saving.	1
Does the xavb5001 support standby mode for power saving?	192.168.0.1	0
Does the xavb5001 support standby mode for power saving?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline AV utility.	0
Does the xavb5001 support standby mode for power saving?	The default password is “password”.	0
Does the xavb5001 support standby mode for power saving?	"Check the file permissions for those items and make sure they have ""read"" access allowed for ""Everyone""."	0
Does the xavb5001 support standby mode for power saving?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the WNDR3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
Does the xavb5101 support firmware upgrade?	The XAVB5101 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	1
Does the xavb5101 support firmware upgrade?	Visit [http://readycloud.netgear.com](http://readycloud.netgear.com) on a computer that is on the same local area network (LAN) and Internet connection as your ReadyNAS system. If your computer does not have Internet access, install and run the RAIDar utility instead. RAIDar is on the resource CD that came with your system.	0
Does the xavb5101 support firmware upgrade?	The remote control button usage depends on the channel you are viewing. The UP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT/OK and Home buttons are the common remote control buttons. The red/green/yellow/blue remote control buttons are used by VUDU, firmware upgrade notifications, and network configuration. Please follow the on screen notes to use those buttons.	0
Does the xavb5101 support firmware upgrade?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the xavb5101 support firmware upgrade?	* For each XAVB5602 device, press its Security button for >1.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Does the xavb5101 support firmware upgrade?	The XAVB5001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site	0
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support firmware upgrade?	The XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 not yet has the firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware because its firmware is latest version which you can download in the NETGEAR web site, if any new firmware releases.	1
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support firmware upgrade?	You can easily setup the feature through the router GUI:	0
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support firmware upgrade?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support firmware upgrade?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support firmware upgrade?	The NETGEAR DGN2200 uses 2 antennas. The transmit function uses up to 2 antennas and the receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support firmware upgrade?	* Make sure your AP is not set to legacy B or G mode.	0
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 does support Standby mode for power saving.	1
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support standby mode for power saving?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support standby mode for power saving?	Under ideal conditions, MCA1001v2 adapters have a data rate of up to 175 Mbps. The effective data rate is somewhat lower. Consequently, a 100-Mbps network adapter is adequate in most cases.	0
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support standby mode for power saving?	NETGEAR home routers can block services and domain names but not the actual port.	0
Does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the PL1000 support QoS (it will leave the packets untouched keeping the prioritization).	0
Does the xavb5501 support firmware upgrade?	The XAVB5501 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	1
Does the xavb5501 support firmware upgrade?	Yes, it will work.	0
Does the xavb5501 support firmware upgrade?	Please see below in details	0
Does the xavb5501 support firmware upgrade?	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate WiFi networks simultaneously using both 2.4- and 5- frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated WiFi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
Does the xavb5501 support firmware upgrade?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks; this takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
Does the xavb5501 support firmware upgrade?	The device has one power LED:	0
Does the xavb5501 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAVB5501 does support Standby mode for power saving.	1
Does the xavb5501 support standby mode for power saving?	The GTV100 does not have a list of supported channels. If the channel is not compatible, the GTV100 will prompt an error. For Google TV FAQ, you may visit this link: https://developers.google.com/tv/faq	0
Does the xavb5501 support standby mode for power saving?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5601 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does the xavb5501 support standby mode for power saving?	Please make sure you have install service pack 2 or higher on your computer. XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Config is in used to configure your wireless adapter rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard, then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Does the xavb5501 support standby mode for power saving?	NETGEAR Downstream QoS will prioritize the video streaming traffic over other traffic. This is helpful when you have multiple devices in the home competing for bandwidth with simultaneous downloads. Here are some of the possible reasons for the lack of video streaming improvement:	0
Does the xavb5501 support standby mode for power saving?	During installation via the browser based genie, the Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time when you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alert when new firmware is available.	0
Does the xavb5601 support firmware upgrade?	The XAVB5601 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site.	1
Does the xavb5601 support firmware upgrade?	Power over Ethernet (PoE) is an IEEE 802.3af standard technology that resides on the RJ-45 port. This enables an Ethernet cable to power the access point via a switch which also has IEEE 802.3af PoE support. This option means fewer cables and eliminates the need to place the WNDAP350 near a power outlet.	0
Does the xavb5601 support firmware upgrade?	"Yes. Use the Windows key + P shortcut to select ""projector only"" mode. This will shut off the notebook screen to deliver best viewing experience in a dark room."	0
Does the xavb5601 support firmware upgrade?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX3700. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX3700. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
Does the xavb5601 support firmware upgrade?	That means Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue.	0
Does the xavb5601 support firmware upgrade?	Yes.	0
Does the xavb5601 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAVB5101 does support Standby mode for power saving.	1
Does the xavb5601 support standby mode for power saving?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Does the xavb5601 support standby mode for power saving?	Any video is scaled to the default for your display (whatever you set it to). The aspect ratio is changeable on the fly (hit zoom key), and you can zoom in/out on the video itself with Pg+/- and pan using the arrow keys.	0
Does the xavb5601 support standby mode for power saving?	 The distance (200 feet) from the existing router is too far, thinking that there is also interference. Using a wireless powerline adapter is another option.	0
Does the xavb5601 support standby mode for power saving?	In User Management > Authentications, enter the correct LDAP or RADIUS settings.	0
Does the xavb5601 support standby mode for power saving?	1. Please make sure the connected PC/NB or mobile phone is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
Does the xavb5602 support firmware upgrade?	The XAVB5602 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site, if any.	1
Does the xavb5602 support firmware upgrade?	The user can either press the Reset button for 1 second or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV5201 Configuration utility.	0
Does the xavb5602 support firmware upgrade?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem products, your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the image to your unit after the cable provider certifies an image release.	0
Does the xavb5602 support firmware upgrade?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
Does the xavb5602 support firmware upgrade?	If you do not own a ReadyCLOUD-enabled device, you must follow these steps:	0
Does the xavb5602 support firmware upgrade?	For 802.11n it isn't recommended to use WPA-PSK or WEP, instead you should use WPA2-PSK for better security. Also, performance-wise, WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK. WEP is not recommended as it is least secure.	0
Does the xavb5602 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAVB5602 does support Standby mode for power saving.	1
Does the xavb5602 support standby mode for power saving?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
Does the xavb5602 support standby mode for power saving?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet is strongly recommended to get the best performances. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
Does the xavb5602 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes.	0
Does the xavb5602 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, but not all. Please check the router's user manual for its features and capabilities.	0
Does the xavb5602 support standby mode for power saving?	During the installation of the Web genie, the R6220 will check the update server for the latest firmware and will automatically install any updates available. In addition, the GUI also supports auto-firmware upgrade. The R6220 will check for the latest firmware available every time the GUI is accessed.	0
Does the xavb6504 support firmware upgrade?	The XAVB6504 has not a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware.	1
Does the xavb6504 support firmware upgrade?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
Does the xavb6504 support firmware upgrade?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum - 200Mbps.	0
Does the xavb6504 support firmware upgrade?	It currently does not support multi pvc as described. It may be a product limitation of NETGEAR home devices at the moment.	0
Does the xavb6504 support firmware upgrade?	a. Enable the HTTPS under Web Security/ Policy.	0
Does the xavb6504 support firmware upgrade?	No. NETGEAR does not recommend using power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords with Powerline products. These devices filter out some or all of the high frequency signals used in Powerline communications. Connecting a Powerline to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers, or block communications entirely.	0
Does the xavb6504 support standby mode for power saving?	Yes, the XAVB6504 does support Standby mode for power saving by a slide switch.	1
Does the xavb6504 support standby mode for power saving?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does the xavb6504 support standby mode for power saving?	Your ReadyNAS can be accessed from any computer (Mac/Windows/Linux), tablet, smartphone, or web browser. You can access your data using built-in operating system file managers (Finder, MyComputer, etc), mobile applications (Android, iOS), or any internet device with a web browser via our ReadyCLOUD portal.. Your files can be accessed from remote locations without the need to setup complicated VPNs, configure firewalls, or ever know an IP address. ReadyNAS matches the way you want to use and access your data. There is nothing new to learn.	0
Does the xavb6504 support standby mode for power saving?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
Does the xavb6504 support standby mode for power saving?	Ethernet port aggregation allows the router to combine Ethernet ports 1 and 2 for data transfer to a supporting device, such as a NAS. The router supports 802.3ad link aggregation protocol, and will improve the aggregation file download and upload speeds to over the 1G boundary. Ethernet port aggregation is also referred to as link aggregation, teaming port, and port trunking.	0
Does the xavb6504 support standby mode for power saving?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX6200 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	0
Does this support wps?	Yes, the WNR2000v4 supports WPS. You can use the hardware button located in front or use the WPS using the wizard on the NETGEAR genie.	1
Does this support wps?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does this support wps?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does this support wps?	Yes. R6200 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
Does this support wps?	It is 16 Amp for GR and FR, 15 Amp for NA and 13 Amp for UK.	0
Does this support wps?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5501 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does wake-on-lan work on home routers?	NETGEAR home routers do not support Wake-on-LAN so even if the 3rd party adapter has that option, it will not work.	1
Does wake-on-lan work on home routers?	NTV550 can play YouTube videos in the H.264 format (i.e., videos labeled “HD” or “High Quality” by YouTube). Some YouTube videos are in the older, FLV/Sorenson format. NTV550 can play these latter videos only via assistance from NeoTV for Windows software, running on a PC. If NTV550 can locate a Windows PC running NeoTV for Windows, it will play the FLV/Sorenson videos via live transcoding. If aPC cannot be found, you will see an error message when attempting to play these videos. Note that many “Recently Added” videos are initially in the FLV/Sorenson format, until they are converted by the YouTube web site and made available in H.264 HQ and HD formats.	0
Does wake-on-lan work on home routers?	i. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the  RESTORE FACTORY SETTINGS button, located on the bottom of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Does wake-on-lan work on home routers?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does wake-on-lan work on home routers?	It is a universal extender, so all routers should be compatible.	0
Does wake-on-lan work on home routers?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
Does wn111v2 support ad-hoc?	Yes. But it only supports 54Mpbs or lower rates (802.11b & g standard).	1
Does wn111v2 support ad-hoc?	DGND3700 product is the most powerful and full featured DSL router compared to any DSL wireless router in the market today. With a Dual core processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
Does wn111v2 support ad-hoc?	The R7300 DST comes with 1 year of support from GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for assistance.	0
Does wn111v2 support ad-hoc?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
Does wn111v2 support ad-hoc?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare)	0
Does wn111v2 support ad-hoc?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
Does wn111v2 support windows 98 and windows me?	No, WN111v2 does not support Windows 98 and Windows ME.	1
Does wn111v2 support windows 98 and windows me?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
Does wn111v2 support windows 98 and windows me?	ReadyNAS Vault will first require you to register for an account here: [http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs](http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs)/. (Free trials are available.) Once registered, you can enable the ReadyNAS Vault and log into the application. More details can be found here: [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started)	0
Does wn111v2 support windows 98 and windows me?	Powerline products need to be used in 'pairs' – at least two in a home. So NETGEAR sells them in pairs, like the XAVB1101 which is a bundle of two XAV1101. However, customers do have the option to add a 3rd or 4th etc device to their network. So for that reason, we sell the single units – XAV1101	0
Does wn111v2 support windows 98 and windows me?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of WNDR3700.	0
Does wn111v2 support windows 98 and windows me?	Yes, the XAVB6504 does support Standby mode for power saving by a slide switch.	0
Does wn111v2 support wlan turbo-g mode?	No, WN111v2 does not support WLAN Turbo-G mode. The maximum link rate for a Turbo-G AP is 54Mbps.encryption.	1
Does wn111v2 support wlan turbo-g mode?	* [Set Network Access Rights to Shared Folders](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26453)	0
Does wn111v2 support wlan turbo-g mode?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB2101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does wn111v2 support wlan turbo-g mode?	The factory reset button is located on the back panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole labeled “RESET”. The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 20 seconds till the front panel LED’s turn amber then off, to bring the unit back to its factory default settings.	0
Does wn111v2 support wlan turbo-g mode?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does wn111v2 support wlan turbo-g mode?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
Does wn111v2 support wps?	Yes, WPS is supported on the initial driver.	1
Does wn111v2 support wps?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
Does wn111v2 support wps?	Power over Ethernet (PoE) is an IEEE 802.3af standard technology that resides on the RJ-45 port. This enables an Ethernet cable to power the access point via a switch which also has IEEE 802.3af PoE support. This option means fewer cables and eliminates the need to place the WNDAP350 near a power outlet.	0
Does wn111v2 support wps?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. With WPS, it automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does wn111v2 support wps?	This is a bug in the Setup CD which sets the Internet connection idle timeout to 5 minutes. To remove the idle timeout, log into the Basic Settings page and change the Idle Timeout to zero minutes. If you didn't use the Setup CD to configure your device you will not see the problem.	0
Does wn111v2 support wps?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Does wn802t-200  support wds?	Yes, WDS is supported in this release.	1
Does wn802t-200  support wds?	To go to power off mode , press and hold the Security button for 10 seconds or more, then release.Pressing the Security button again powers the unit back on.	0
Does wn802t-200  support wds?	Yes, it will continue to improve the device’s antenna performance. However it will not charge the device and the Ethernet connection will not work.	0
Does wn802t-200  support wds?	Single Rate Policing feature enables support for Single Rate Policer as defined by RFC 2697:	0
Does wn802t-200  support wds?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router. Users can put the switch either at “wireless” or “wired” position depending on the use scenario. “Wired” position is selected if the Internet is reachable from a wired connection, for instance, by a DSL modem or another router’s LAN port. Otherwise, “wireless” position is preferred if a user wants to share a Hotspot wireless connection among various wireless devices.	0
Does wn802t-200  support wds?	Any Network Storage device can be connected to the NETGEAR Router's Ethernet port. Just make sure that it is getting a valid IP address from our router so it will be visible from the network. Mapping or accessing the files from the NAS using a computer is beyond NETGEAR's support scope. Please refer to the manufacturer of the NAS for additional assistance.	0
Does wnda3100 driver supports winxp 64-bit or vista 64-bit?	It is not currently supported (driver v1.2). It will be supported on future driver release.	1
Does wnda3100 driver supports winxp 64-bit or vista 64-bit?	No. In this configuration, the throughout is limited by the 11n adapter. That's because the 11n wireless adapter cannot create an 11ac connection with the R6100 WiFi Router.	0
Does wnda3100 driver supports winxp 64-bit or vista 64-bit?	The fastest performance is with 150 Mbps, however this uses the 40 MHz frequency and may interfere with other wireless devices in the 2.4 GHz band such as other 802.11 equipment. To avoid this, you can set the router to work in the same 20 MHz bandwidth as 801.11b/g equipment, which reduces its maximum performance to 65 Mbps.	0
Does wnda3100 driver supports winxp 64-bit or vista 64-bit?	One unique way ReadyNAS can help businesses is by providing constant access to your secure data from anywhere. Everyone is familiar with cloud solutions hosted on the internet. Consumers use free services from Google, Microsoft, Apple for email, backup, calendaring, etc. But for businesses those solutions can be very expensive. There are also concerns over security and privacy. With ReadyNAS all the data is hosted on your device, but you can access your data through mobile applications or the ReadyCLOUD portal. Each solution will create a secure VPN-like tunnel directly to your ReadyNAS. Now you can access your data with the ease of the cloud without any of the concerns of using a 3rd party to host your data.	0
Does wnda3100 driver supports winxp 64-bit or vista 64-bit?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Does wnda3100 driver supports winxp 64-bit or vista 64-bit?	If user uses 11n wireless adapters to connect with the D6200(B), the max connection speed of D6200(B) will be the same as the max connection speed of 11n wireless adapters which were used. This is because 11n wireless adapters cannot link at 11ac mode. To connect at 11ac speeds user needs a device that is 11ac WIFI capable like the A6200 Wi-Fi adapter.	0
Does wnda3100 support wps?	It is not currently supported (driver v1.2). It will be supported on future driver release.	1
Does wnda3100 support wps?	DGND3700 product is a powerful and full featured DSL router with a Dual core processor to handle the most computation intensive tasks easily. It simultaneously supports Wi-Fi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
Does wnda3100 support wps?	To ensure the maximum performance at 5GHz between WNDA3100 and Linksys WRT600N, configure your Linksys router to use a higher channel number on the wide channel when operating in 40MHz channel. Set the wide channel to “46” and the standard channel to “44 – 5.220GHz” to see the maximum 5GHz performance between WNDA3100 and WRT600N.	0
Does wnda3100 support wps?	You can reset your ReadyNAS Admin password by accessing  HTTP://IP_ADDRESS_OF_READYNAS/PASSWORD_RECOVERY. If you have forgotten the password recovery answer, you will need to perform a firmware re-installation to reset the admin password by accessing boot menu.	0
Does wnda3100 support wps?	It's an upgrade from unmanaged switch which can only be Plug-N-Play, and is not configurable. ProSAFE Web Managed switch gives user the flexibility to configure fundamental settings.	0
Does wnda3100 support wps?	The resolution of the Night Vision Camera is the same during normal light or at night.	0
Does wndap350 support 5 ghz and 2.4 ghz modes?	Yes, WNDAP350 supports both bands 5 GHz-a, n/a mode and 2.4 GHz-b, b/g, b/g/n modes.	1
Does wndap350 support 5 ghz and 2.4 ghz modes?	It is 15 Amp for GR and FR, 14 Amp for NA and 12 Amp for UK.	0
Does wndap350 support 5 ghz and 2.4 ghz modes?	R6300 Wi-Fi router is backward compatible with 802.11 a/b/g and n, so will work with the current Wi-Fi devices in your home, if you have a laptop with 802.11n Wi-Fi it will connect at 802.11n speeds with the 802.11ac R6300 router. To take advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	0
Does wndap350 support 5 ghz and 2.4 ghz modes?	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
Does wndap350 support 5 ghz and 2.4 ghz modes?	Be aware that most devices will treat the AC785 as an unlimited Wi-Fi internet connection and you can limit the amount of data usage your AC785 uses by doing the following:	0
Does wndap350 support 5 ghz and 2.4 ghz modes?	PLP1200 is one of “Pass Thru” Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won’t be able to occupy the original electrical outlet.	0
Does wndr3300 have quality of service built in?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in on NETGEAR’s WNDR3300 which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port.	1
Does wndr3300 have quality of service built in?	The XAVB5001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site	0
Does wndr3300 have quality of service built in?	M6100-3S distributed fabric speed is 480 Gbps inter-module. Each slot provides 8 x 10G unidirectional access to the backplane (80G half-duplex and 160G full-duplex per slot).	0
Does wndr3300 have quality of service built in?	The Access Point should be installed such that the antenna is facing the maximum usage area. It can be either ceiling or wall mounted.	0
Does wndr3300 have quality of service built in?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Does wndr3300 have quality of service built in?	The DGND3800B does not support this function.	0
Does wndr4500 support jumbo frame?	Unfortunately, the WNDR4500 does not support jumbo frames.	1
Does wndr4500 support jumbo frame?	You can enable the XWN5001 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	0
Does wndr4500 support jumbo frame?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the D1500 wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
Does wndr4500 support jumbo frame?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product. For more information, see [How to update firmware on your NETGEAR product](https://kb.netgear.com/000053880/How-to-update-firmware-on-your-NETGEAR-product).	0
Does wndr4500 support jumbo frame?	No, your D6200 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
Does wndr4500 support jumbo frame?	During installation via the Smart Wizard CD, WNDR3300 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest FW on web site every time when you log in the GUI.	0
Does wndr4500 support openvpn?	OpenVPN is the same as VPN passthrough. No configuration is needed on the router to setup VPN. This requires VPN client software to setup connection.	1
Does wndr4500 support openvpn?	The ADSL throughput is comparable. The WiFi throughput is comparable, and the number of WiFi devices that can be connected is comparable. The difference is in the number Ethernet ports that are available. Furthermore, the D1500 does not have USB port, as does DGN2200.	0
Does wndr4500 support openvpn?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
Does wndr4500 support openvpn?	The LAN port LED is amber if your device is connected to 10/100 Mbps Ethernet. The LAN port LED is white if your device is connected to Gigabit Ethernet.	0
Does wndr4500 support openvpn?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the extender and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
Does wndr4500 support openvpn?	It means the power supply is not enough or link quality is poor.	0
Does wnr2000v4 support jumbo frame?	Unfortunately, the WNR2000v4 does not support jumbo frames.	1
Does wnr2000v4 support jumbo frame?	Yes, it will work.	0
Does wnr2000v4 support jumbo frame?	1. If the LED of WNCE3001 shows red color, please follow FAQ#2 above.	0
Does wnr2000v4 support jumbo frame?	No. Like other night vision cameras, the video will appear black and white, possibly with a bit of a greenish tint.	0
Does wnr2000v4 support jumbo frame?	No. XAV101 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV101 is only compatible with HomePlug AV but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Does wnr2000v4 support jumbo frame?	The  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side of the router.	0
Does wnr2000v5 support jumbo frames?	Unfortunately, the WNR2000v5 does not support jumbo frames.	1
Does wnr2000v5 support jumbo frames?	Step 1: Connect the USB printer to the Router's USB port with a USB printer cable.	0
Does wnr2000v5 support jumbo frames?	The XAV5001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
Does wnr2000v5 support jumbo frames?	No, the PL1200 does not support QoS.	0
Does wnr2000v5 support jumbo frames?	This security option is only available on the 2.4 GHz band and not available on the 5GHz band.	0
Does wnr2000v5 support jumbo frames?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Does wnr2200 support ext2 file system on usb devices?	Yes, WNR2200 supports FAT16, FAT32, NTFS, NTFS compressed, and ext2 file systems.	1
Does wnr2200 support ext2 file system on usb devices?	To reset your router to factory defaults, see [Restoring a NETGEAR home router to the factory default settings](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/9665)	0
Does wnr2200 support ext2 file system on usb devices?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
Does wnr2200 support ext2 file system on usb devices?	There is no option available in the GUI to upgrade firmware for the C3000/C3700. The firmware upgrade is done automatically through your internet service provider. They will push the firmware through their network. No action is needed by the customer.	0
Does wnr2200 support ext2 file system on usb devices?	The default IP address of DG834Nv2 is 192.168.0.1.	0
Does wnr2200 support ext2 file system on usb devices?	NETGEAR home routers do not support Wake-on-LAN so even if the 3rd party adapter has that option, it will not work.	0
Does wpn824n work under mac os and how to install it?	Yes, WPN824N is workable under Mac OS, and you may access Internet without problem via browser Safari 1.4 higher version.	1
Does wpn824n work under mac os and how to install it?	No, XAV5201 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Does wpn824n work under mac os and how to install it?	VDSL is Very high bit-rate DSL and is compliant with ITU G.993.1 (VDSL) and G.993.2 (VDSL2). The maximum Downstream/Upstream speed for VDSL2 is 100Mbps/100Mbps. ADSL is Asymmetric DSL which is compliant with G.992.x and has a slower and asymmetric maximum Downstream/Upstream speed of 24Mbps/1Mbps.	0
Does wpn824n work under mac os and how to install it?	Arlo Q cameras can detect motion from as far as 50 feet away. In addition, you can create up to three motion detection zones so that motion in detected in specific areas within the camera frame.	0
Does wpn824n work under mac os and how to install it?	D6400 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Does wpn824n work under mac os and how to install it?	Many audio receivers do not support digital audio below 96Kbps, so the workaround is for the user to connect the analog audio outputs of the EVA8000 to the analog inputs of their receiver. Switch the audio receiver to this input when listening to low bitrate audio.	0
Does wpn824v3 have quality of service built in?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use.	1
Does wpn824v3 have quality of service built in?	[How can I backup Windows shares with files with foreign characters in their names?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
Does wpn824v3 have quality of service built in?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Does wpn824v3 have quality of service built in?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
Does wpn824v3 have quality of service built in?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	0
Does wpn824v3 have quality of service built in?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, Broadcast Storm Filtering, LAG, loop detection and IEEE 802.3az Energy Efficient Ethernet (EEE).	0
Does xav1004 support qos?	Yes, the XAV1004 support port-based and user service based Q0s	1
Does xav1004 support qos?	GSS108E and GS116E support loop detection. When a loop is detected, both left and right LED on the affected port will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second.	0
Does xav1004 support qos?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Does xav1004 support qos?	D7800 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Does xav1004 support qos?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5501 Configuration utility.	0
Does xav1004 support qos?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does xav101 support qos?	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XAV101 Configuration Utility to set QoS based on your environment setting.	1
Does xav101 support qos?	The GPL code is on our GPL page.	0
Does xav101 support qos?	Yes. The R6100 WiFi Router is backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
Does xav101 support qos?	Yes, it is.	0
Does xav101 support qos?	* Green: The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps.	0
Does xav101 support qos?	Dynamic QoS is a feature that tries to best utilize the current bandwidth and allocate resource to the most needed application or device. Not seeing an obvious effect, does not mean it is not working:	0
Does xav5001 support qos?	Yes, the XAV5001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	1
Does xav5001 support qos?	During installation via the Web genie, EX6200 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The extender will check for the latest firmware on web site every time when you login the GUI.	0
Does xav5001 support qos?	These are parts of industry standard Unit Identification (UID) logic. User can use this feature to identify device from both front and rear to make sure that operations (e.g. change disk, configure network etc.) are done for intended unit. Press either front or rear UID switch will toggle on/off status of both front and rear UID LEDs. Software can also check and toggle UID LED status to alert which unit needs userâ€™s attention.	0
Does xav5001 support qos?	To access the NETGEAR genie user interface, you will need to log into the modem.	0
Does xav5001 support qos?	Press and hold Reset switch, then use short press to toggle through menu entries, use long press to confirm selection. For details, please check RN3138 hardware manual.	0
Does xav5001 support qos?	After you have successfully setup the WPN824N to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	0
Does xav5201 support qos?	No, the XAV5201 does not support QoS.	1
Does xav5201 support qos?	The C3700 may inadvertently operate within a currently unsupported 5GHz Wi-Fi channel that has not been approved for use by NETGEAR.	0
Does xav5201 support qos?	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate Wi-Fi networks simultaneously using both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated Wi-Fi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
Does xav5201 support qos?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB2001 Configuration utility.	0
Does xav5201 support qos?	* [via Mapped Network Drive](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/19864)	0
Does xav5201 support qos?	No, currently the EVA doesn’t support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
Does xavb1101 support qos?	Yes, the XAVB1101 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	1
Does xavb1101 support qos?	During installation via the Smart Wizard CD, DGND3300(B) checks the Web for the latest firmware and gives you the option to automatically install it.	0
Does xavb1101 support qos?	Yes, the EVA9000 can access NAS devices directly. ( NOTE: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA9000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
Does xavb1101 support qos?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does xavb1101 support qos?	No.	0
Does xavb1101 support qos?	Under ideal conditions, MCA1001v2 adapters have a data rate of up to 175 Mbps. The effective data rate is somewhat lower. Consequently, a 100-Mbps network adapter is adequate in most cases.	0
Does xavb2001 support qos?	Yes, the XAVB2001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	1
Does xavb2001 support qos?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Does xavb2001 support qos?	OpenVPN is the same as VPN passthrough. No configuration needed on the router to setup the VPN. This requires VPN client software to setup the connection.	0
Does xavb2001 support qos?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does xavb2001 support qos?	Yes. It is now added on firmware version 1.0.0.46. It can be seen under Device Mode on Advanced setup.	0
Does xavb2001 support qos?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
Does xavb2101 interfere with 27mhz wireless keyboards and mice?	Yes, the powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz. The operating frequencies overlap with 27MHz wireless keyboards and mice. But the interference might happen only if the XAV2101 is close enough to the wireless range.	1
Does xavb2101 interfere with 27mhz wireless keyboards and mice?	You can enable the XWN5001 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	0
Does xavb2101 interfere with 27mhz wireless keyboards and mice?	The WNHDB3004 is capable of streaming multiple 1080P throughout a single family home. Today a lot of TVs are 3D and the bandwidth requirement goes higher when you are streaming 3D content over wireless as 3D HD streams which implies Two 1080P streams, one for each eye.	0
Does xavb2101 interfere with 27mhz wireless keyboards and mice?	Yes, your cable TV line can carry the TV signal while you send and receive information on the Internet.	0
Does xavb2101 interfere with 27mhz wireless keyboards and mice?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
Does xavb2101 interfere with 27mhz wireless keyboards and mice?	No, the AC762S does not work without a paid data plan. Data plan and the associated SIM card can be purchased from a mobile operator in your area.	0
Does xavb2101 support qos?	Yes, the XAVB2101 support VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	1
Does xavb2101 support qos?	To ensure the maximum performance at 5GHz between WNDA3100 and Linksys WRT600N, configure your Linksys router to use a higher channel number on the wide channel when operating in 40MHz channel. Set the wide channel to “46” and the standard channel to “44 – 5.220GHz” to see the maximum 5GHz performance between WNDA3100 and WRT600N.	0
Does xavb2101 support qos?	 The R6100 was designed to provide the fastest Wi-Fi speed at the lowest possible price, with the latest Wi-Fi standard 802.11ac connectivity.	0
Does xavb2101 support qos?	1. Write down all the settings which you changed from the default values, since you may need to reenter them manually.	0
Does xavb2101 support qos?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
Does xavb2101 support qos?	NETGEAR’s unique RANGEMAX technology on WNDR3300 and WNR3500 uses 8 internal smart antennas to provide a better networking experience for customers. First, by placing the antennas internal, not external, there is no risk of breaking them, and nothing for a customer to adjust. Second, with 8 antennas, NETGEAR can combine the signals from multiple antennas to deliver a stronger signal. The result is an attractive, durable, high performance wireless router.	0
Does xavb5001 support qos?	Yes, the XAVB5001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	1
Does xavb5001 support qos?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5602 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does xavb5001 support qos?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Does xavb5001 support qos?	NETGEAR WNR2000v3 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	0
Does xavb5001 support qos?	Yes, it is possible. There are no conflicts with that kind of setup.	0
Does xavb5001 support qos?	NAND+SDRAM 1G bits + 512M bits	0
Does xavb5101 support qos?	Yes, the XAVB5101 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	1
Does xavb5101 support qos?	In Web Security > HTTP & HTTPS > URL Filtering, block all URLs while allowing the user login link to be on the resulting page.	0
Does xavb5101 support qos?	Your USB drive might require external power. The NeoTV 350 USB ports provide only 5 volts and 500 mA.	0
Does xavb5101 support qos?	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change, SSID, WPA Keys, etc.) will be reset to original factory default values.	0
Does xavb5101 support qos?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
Does xavb5101 support qos?	For this to work, the PC must be directly connected to one of the 4 Ethernet ports on the	0
Does xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support qos?	Yes, the XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	1
Does xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support qos?	* Keep 1-2m away from electronics that generate RF interference (e.g., microwave, TV, phone)	0
Does xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support qos?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
Does xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support qos?	For C3000, the IP address 192.168.1.* to 192.168.7.* are reserved for guest network. For C3700, the IP address 192.168.1.* to 192.168.7.* and 192.168.21.* to 192.168.27.* are reserved for guest network.	0
Does xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support qos?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB2001 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Does xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 support qos?	No, currently the EVA doesn't support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
Does xavb5501 support qos?	Yes, the XAVB5501 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	1
Does xavb5501 support qos?	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	0
Does xavb5501 support qos?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
Does xavb5501 support qos?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
Does xavb5501 support qos?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does xavb5501 support qos?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 10 seconds. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
Does xavb5601 support qos?	Yes, the XAVB5601 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	1
Does xavb5601 support qos?	Yes, the C6300 does support IPv6.	0
Does xavb5601 support qos?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and starts blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
Does xavb5601 support qos?	WNDR3400v3 is NETGEAR's N600 wireless dual band router. It is smaller in size compared to the previous versions of the WNDR3400 router.	0
Does xavb5601 support qos?	During installation via the Smart Wizard CD, WNDR3300 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest FW on web site every time when you log in the GUI.	0
Does xavb5601 support qos?	RN3138 uses internal 1U server PSU and is not user replaceable.	0
Does xavb5602 support qos?	No.	1
Does xavb5602 support qos?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Does xavb5602 support qos?	J9099B          100BASE-BX10-D  HP® X112 100M SFP LC BX-D Transceiver Yes                 No	0
Does xavb5602 support qos?	It's not recommend using WPA-PSK or WEP for wireless security setting; instead users should always use WPA2-PSK for the best wireless security. WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK.	0
Does xavb5602 support qos?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does xavb5602 support qos?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
Does xavb6504 support qos?	Yes, the XAVB6504 defaults support TOS QoS.	1
Does xavb6504 support qos?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Does xavb6504 support qos?	* The device has one power LED.	0
Does xavb6504 support qos?	By default it supports up to 20 users, each assigned a unique IP address, on a Class C network.	0
Does xavb6504 support qos?	Multi PVC talks about triple play deployment of ADSL2+, VOIP and IPTV. Our home gateways does not support IPTV yet.	0
Does xavb6504 support qos?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does xs708e support flow control?	Yes, XS708E supports Flow Control and they are enabled by default.	1
Does xs708e support flow control?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does xs708e support flow control?	Yes, the Night Vision Camera is compatible with the Outdoor Shell (VZMS2050, sold separately.)	0
Does xs708e support flow control?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Does xs708e support flow control?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes amber.	0
Does xs708e support flow control?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Does xs708ev2 support half-duplex mode?	No, it doesn't.	1
Does xs708ev2 support half-duplex mode?	Yes.	0
Does xs708ev2 support half-duplex mode?	The C3700 may inadvertently operate within a currently unsupported 5GHz Wi-Fi channel that has not been approved for use by NETGEAR.	0
Does xs708ev2 support half-duplex mode?	The firmware can be programmed to the router via the web GUI of the router -- Log in to the router's web UI at http://www.routerlogin.com, open the Router Upgrade page, locate your firmware image file, then click at Upload.	0
Does xs708ev2 support half-duplex mode?	This is expected. Since the EX6100 provides 1x1 11ac antenna stream in 5GHz band the connection in 5GHz band will be the lower of the two, meaning 1x1 11ac.	0
Does xs708ev2 support half-duplex mode?	* Go to BASIC>FastLane page	0
Does xwn5001 support power saving mode?	Yes. The XWN5001 adapter supports power saving mode function. By default the power saving mode function of XWN5001 WiFi AP is disabled.	1
Does xwn5001 support power saving mode?	Yes, it is possible. There are no conflicts with that kind of setup.	0
Does xwn5001 support power saving mode?	Ethernet port aggregation only allow the device which supported and configured the 802.3ad link aggregation to connect to it. If connect to 2 ports to the regular switch, it will cause the network broadcast storm (looping). Please be aware of it.	0
Does xwn5001 support power saving mode?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
Does xwn5001 support power saving mode?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
Does xwn5001 support power saving mode?	No, PL1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
Does xwn5021 support power saving mode?	Yes. The XWN5021 supports power saving mode. By default, the power saving mode function is disabled.	1
Does xwn5021 support power saving mode?	password	0
Does xwn5021 support power saving mode?	No, Nighthawk X4S (D7800), Nighthawk (D7000), NETGEAR D6400 VDSL products do not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
Does xwn5021 support power saving mode?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Does xwn5021 support power saving mode?	"The default encryption key is ""HomePlugAV""."	0
Does xwn5021 support power saving mode?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Error 101 on flingo channels:	"Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays ""error 101"" error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears."	1
Error 101 on flingo channels:	No, your D6000 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
Error 101 on flingo channels:	Using these channels may cause interference with other devices approved to use these channels.	0
Error 101 on flingo channels:	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the D500 wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
Error 101 on flingo channels:	NETGEAR Downstream QoS will prioritize the video streaming traffic over other traffic. This is helpful when you have multiple devices in the home competing for bandwidth with simultaneous downloads. Here are some of the possible reasons for the lack of video streaming improvement:	0
Error 101 on flingo channels:	The R6220 adopts the latest 11ac chipsets, a USB 2.0 port and 128MB Flash / 128MB memory for future software feature expansion.	0
Expansion (x-raid):	[How do I add disks to an existing X-RAID volume?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21442)	1
Expansion (x-raid):	Please refer to the Installation Guide that comes along with the unit.	0
Expansion (x-raid):	Press and hold the button on the bottom for 5 seconds to reset the router to factory default settings.	0
Expansion (x-raid):	Optionally, if Internet connection is available, the NTV550 Recovery Menu provides a way to recover from the update server.	0
Expansion (x-raid):	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today:	0
Expansion (x-raid):	This is a bug in the Setup CD which sets the Internet connection idle timeout to 5 minutes. To remove the idle timeout, log into the Basic Settings page and change the Idle Timeout to zero minutes. If you didn't use the Setup CD to configure your device you will not see the problem.	0
Features	* [Recovering a folder with ReadyCLOUD](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29795)	1
Features	* [Recovering a folder with ReadyCLOUD](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29795)	0
Features	Quality of Service (QoS) prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port. QoS is built into NETGEARâ€™s WNR3500.	0
Features	There is a [workaround](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29974) for RN100/RN2120 units that will not upgrade due to a checksum issue. See the [workaround](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29974) for more information on this issue. This issue only affects RN100/RN2120 devices.	0
Features	Yes, the C6250 does support VPN pass-through.	0
Features	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
File attachements	* [PTVU1000_FAQ.pdf ](https://www.downloads.netgear.com/files/answer_media/rn_assets/PTVU1000_FAQ.pdf) (367.36 KB)	1
File attachements	"During the first boot after an upgrade to ReadyNAS OS 6.4.0, the ReadyNAS needs to complete a quota check. On some units such as the RN100/RN2120, this can be very time consuming and the unit may be in the ""Booting..."" process for quite some time while it completes the quota check. If your device appears in RAIDar, it is likely performing the quota check as expected and your ReadyNAS should not be restarted during this process. If your device does not appear in RAIDar, contact [NETGEAR Support](http://support.netgear.com/general/contact/)."	0
File attachements	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	0
File attachements	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the WiFi Booster network. In your browser, type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, as illustrated in Step 4 on the first page of this Installation Guide. If you still cannot access the WiFi Booster, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET.	0
File attachements	R6300 Wi-Fi router is backward compatible with 802.11 a/b/g and n, so will work with the current Wi-Fi devices in your home, if you have a laptop with 802.11n Wi-Fi it will connect at 802.11n speeds with the 802.11ac R6300 router. To take advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	0
File attachements	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
For 2.4ghz	WEP and WPA-PSK [TKIP] (for 54Mbps only)	1
For 2.4ghz	Yes, you can still access the Internet if the hotspot’s LCD screen is not lit.The LCD screen goes to sleep if there is no activity on the screen, but the WiFi radio is still active. To wake up the LCD, press and quickly release the Powerbutton.	0
For 2.4ghz	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
For 2.4ghz	"No, ReadyNAS Vault is not a high availability solution. It is meant as a ""disaster recovery solution."" With ReadyNAS Vault, any individual file or set of files can be downloaded on ad hoc basis, as long as your data set is recent enough, you can access files without having to wait for a full local system recovery."	0
For 2.4ghz	XS708E supports loop detection (not prevention). When a loop is detected, both LEDs on the affected ports will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second. Loop detection is user configurable and it is disabled by default.	0
For 2.4ghz	Yes, DGN3500 supports Wireless Distribution System (WDS). However, WDS compatibility across different platforms can be problematic.	0
For 5ghz	WEP and WPA-PSK [TKIP] (for 54Mbps only)	1
For 5ghz	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
For 5ghz	No. XAVB5601 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
For 5ghz	WNDA3100v2 can be configured to work at certain speed and certain frequency. The option is available in the Advance settings of the NETGEAR Smart Wizard (Wireless Assistant). These options are available but should only be used if you are an advanced user.	0
For 5ghz	The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, 5GHz is a less interference prone wireless frequency, so it is more suitable to run time sensitive applications like video or voice. We encourage you to utilize the 5GHz band with devices that support 5GHz band like iPad/iPhone 5 etc.	0
For 5ghz	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	0
Fs105v2  fs105v3	ON/OFF switch           No                Yes	1
Fs105v2  fs105v3	That means  NIGHTHAWK X4 R7500 ROUTER does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. If you plug USB storage before router power on, please re-test again, but this time please plug USB storage after router is system ready (Power LED is in white color), and see if it works.	0
Fs105v2  fs105v3	You can use Web browser to configure it. Besides, there is a ProSAFE Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You can install it on a MS-Window-based PC to configure it.	0
Fs105v2  fs105v3	During installation via the Smart Wizard CD, WNDR3300 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest FW on web site every time when you log in the GUI.	0
Fs105v2  fs105v3	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
Fs105v2  fs105v3	The frequencies used by XAVB5001 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	0
Hardware:	[How do I send all logs?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21524)	1
Hardware:	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Hardware:	No, currently the EVA doesn’t support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
Hardware:	This is just the same as the normal bridge mode. We recommend to use 2 R7000s to get optimal connection on bridging.	0
Hardware:	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XAV101 Configuration Utility to set QoS based on your environment setting.	0
Hardware:	The supported operating systems are Windows 7 (32/64-bit), Vista, XP.	0
Help articles	* [How do I recover a lost or forgotten administrator password on my ReadyNAS OS 6?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29760)	1
Help articles	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate WiFi networks simultaneously using both 2.4- and 5-GHz frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated WiFi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
Help articles	Place your Arlo camera within 300 feet of your Wi-Fi router. This distance can vary depending on obstacles such as concrete or stucco walls, metallic barriers, or Wi-Fi interference.	0
Help articles	One possible cause is the TV and the EVA8000 are on two different ground planes, which can cause the hissing sound through the speakers. To correct this purchase a power strip with a surge suppressor and plug both the TV and the EVA8000 into this strip. Both devices will now be using the same ground plane and the hissing or buzzing should go away.	0
Help articles	* PV(R)STP (CLI only)	0
Help articles	ReadySHARE AirMusic lets you play music wirelessly from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Android device. The music is played on audio speakers, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system. Please visit the links below for more information:	0
How are arlo q cameras different from arlo wire-free cameras?	Arlo Wire-Free cameras are weatherproof and battery powered. You can use Arlo Wire-Free cameras both indoors and outdoors.	1
How are arlo q cameras different from arlo wire-free cameras?	* [What is the ReadyCLOUD Desktop Client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29786)	0
How are arlo q cameras different from arlo wire-free cameras?	The Channel of EX6200 is the same as the home network in internet surfing mode. You need to change home network's channel in order to change EX6200's channel.	0
How are arlo q cameras different from arlo wire-free cameras?	During installation the firmware will automatically check for newer versions and download if found. After download, new firmware will need to be installed manually.	0
How are arlo q cameras different from arlo wire-free cameras?	"The Port-based QoS of XAV2602 allows users to prioritize the traffic by simply plugging a device into the ""Video"" or ""Data"" ports of this product. The ""Video"" port is suitable for connecting to an HD / media streaming server, and the ""Data"" port is suitable for connecting to a PC."	0
How are arlo q cameras different from arlo wire-free cameras?	 It should be possible as long as you are using a HDMI to VGA HDCP compliant adapter.	0
How are bpdus transmitted with pv(r)stp?	The switch running PV(R)STP transmits IEEE standard spanning tree BPDUs along with SSTP BPDUs. SSTP BPDUs are PV(R)STP dedicated BPDUs.	1
How are bpdus transmitted with pv(r)stp?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
How are bpdus transmitted with pv(r)stp?	RN3138 replaces the RN3130. RN3138 includes a faster CPU and double the RAM of the RN3130.	0
How are bpdus transmitted with pv(r)stp?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
How are bpdus transmitted with pv(r)stp?	i. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the  RESTORE FACTORY SETTINGS button, located on the bottom of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
How are bpdus transmitted with pv(r)stp?	This is a known issue on the CM600. To fix the issue simply click on the help center arrow to open and close the help center. You will then be able to scroll. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
How can i access the electronic program guide (us only)?	The access code for accessing US EPG information can be purchased from the NETGEAR website at [www.buynetgear.com](http://www.buynetgear.com) for a small fee.	1
How can i access the electronic program guide (us only)?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
How can i access the electronic program guide (us only)?	The frequencies used by XAVB5601 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
How can i access the electronic program guide (us only)?	There is a configuration Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC. Also, once you know the IP address through the Plus Utility, you can configure it via Web browser.	0
How can i access the electronic program guide (us only)?	Yes, there's a USB port on the back of the R6220; it's a USB 2.0 port. You can use this USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready Share printer.	0
How can i access the electronic program guide (us only)?	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet.	0
How can i adjust the sound for the content i'm viewing?	Use your TV remote control to adjust your sound levels.	1
How can i adjust the sound for the content i'm viewing?	1. Launch a web browser from a computer or WiFi device that is connected to the routerâ€™s network.	0
How can i adjust the sound for the content i'm viewing?	If you are connected to a client and to the Router/Gateway, and the Arrow LEDs are not blinking, it means you have correctly positioned the Extender.	0
How can i adjust the sound for the content i'm viewing?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
How can i adjust the sound for the content i'm viewing?	When this happens, please go to Advanced -> Wireless Settings and select “11 b/g/n Mixed mode”. This will provide the best overall performance when there are both b/g and n clients on the network. Note while b/g clients should see better performance, that n clients will see lower performance than if the AP was configured for a pure 11n network.	0
How can i adjust the sound for the content i'm viewing?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the extender. To allow the wireless device to connect, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router but prevent them on accessing my pc and home network?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WNR2000v2, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network.	1
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router but prevent them on accessing my pc and home network?	No, this is not necessary.	0
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router but prevent them on accessing my pc and home network?	One possible root cause is because WNDA4100 enters scan mode. You can open “Device Manager”. Select NETGEAR N900 Wireless Dual Band USB adapter device. Then right click and choose “property”. Select Advanced page. You can see a configuration parameter called “Multimedia and gaming mode environment”. You can enable this setting. Turning on this prevents WNDA4100 from going to scan mode too often while WNDA4100 is already connected..	0
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router but prevent them on accessing my pc and home network?	The EVA8000 is not designed to drive simultaneous outputs.	0
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router but prevent them on accessing my pc and home network?	192.168.0.1	0
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router but prevent them on accessing my pc and home network?	Do NOT power off or reboot the router during the firmware update, otherwise it may corrupt the firmware and render the router inoperable.	0
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router, but prevent them from accessing my pc and home network?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WNR2000v3, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network. We also recommend that you configure a security mode and passphrase for your Guest Network different from your primary wireless network as an added security.	1
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router, but prevent them from accessing my pc and home network?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the most popular applications.	0
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router, but prevent them from accessing my pc and home network?	Please use any NETGEAR 11ac WIFI router like R6300 or R6200 on the other end and install it in bridge mode to setup an 11ac WIFI connection. Please follow the instructions to setup R6300/R6200 in bridge mode:	0
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router, but prevent them from accessing my pc and home network?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router, but prevent them from accessing my pc and home network?	If your client has good wifi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	0
How can i allow my guests to access the internet using my router, but prevent them from accessing my pc and home network?	These are parts of industry standard Unit Identification (UID) logic. User can use this feature to identify device from both front and rear to make sure that operations (e.g. change disk, configure network etc.) are done for intended unit. Press either front or rear UID switch will toggle on/off status of both front and rear UID LEDs. Software can also check and toggle UID LED status to alert which unit needs userâ€™s attention.	0
How can i build the router firmware image?	"Download the open source package from the web site, extract the package and find the ""KWGR614_README"" text file under the directory of ""vendorsDocumentation"". This readme file describes the directory structure, the tools needed for building the router firmware, the procedure to build the router firmware, and the list of the firmware modules."	1
How can i build the router firmware image?	The rear reset button can be used to restore WN802T-200 back to factory defaults. Use a small pin to press the reset button in and hold it in until the power LED changed from blinking green to amber.	0
How can i build the router firmware image?	Make sure that the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the extender and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
How can i build the router firmware image?	Yes, you can still access the Internet if the hotspot’s LCD screen is not lit.The LCD screen goes to sleep if there is no activity on the screen, but the WiFi radio is still active. To wake up the LCD, press and quickly release the Powerbutton.	0
How can i build the router firmware image?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How can i build the router firmware image?	* D6200(B) supports FAT, FAT32, NTFS, ext2, and ext3 filesystem. If your USB drive filesystem is not in the support list, D6200(B) cannot recognize this. Please format your USB drive to FAT32 or NTFS.	0
How can i change the c6300 cable modem login password?	Please login into the genie GUI first, then select “ADVANCED” tab, then click “Administration”, followed by “Set Password”. After the new password has been entered, please click the “Apply” button to save it.	1
How can i change the c6300 cable modem login password?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check “Enable Video Network” to avoid jitter in your wireless network.	0
How can i change the c6300 cable modem login password?	 XCM8903SK M6100-44G3-POE+ Starter Kit bundle including M6100-3S base chassis, XCM8944 blade, XCM89P daughter card, AFT603 fan tray, APS1000W power supply	0
How can i change the c6300 cable modem login password?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet is strongly recommended to get the best performances. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
How can i change the c6300 cable modem login password?	This device supports 20/40 MHz Coexistence, AP feature, Brute Attack protection, IPV6 and Traffic Meter.	0
How can i change the c6300 cable modem login password?	Yes, the XAV101 does support Standby mode.	0
How can i change the channel of ex6200?	The Channel of EX6200 is the same as the home network in internet surfing mode. You need to change home network's channel in order to change EX6200's channel.	1
How can i change the channel of ex6200?	1. NTV550 supports gapless album playback for these file types: MP3, M4A, FLAC. For MP3 and M4A, NTV550 will only play gaplessly if the album name matches for all tracks. (While browsing your music, the album name is shown on the right side when you select a track.)	0
How can i change the channel of ex6200?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How can i change the channel of ex6200?	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
How can i change the channel of ex6200?	The frequencies used by XAV101v2 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
How can i change the channel of ex6200?	The  PL1000 ADAPTER needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The  PLW1000 will work with a  WIRED OR WIRELESS type of router.	0
How can i change the channel of ex7000?	The Channel of EX7000 is the same as the home network in internet surfing mode. You need to change home network's channel in order to change EX7000's channel.	1
How can i change the channel of ex7000?	Any video is scaled to the default for your display (whatever you set it to). The aspect ratio is changeable on the fly (hit zoom key), and you can zoom in/out on the video itself with Pg+/- and pan using the arrow keys.	0
How can i change the channel of ex7000?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR genie configuration utility.	0
How can i change the channel of ex7000?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
How can i change the channel of ex7000?	The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web genie. Go to ‘Advanced’ > ‘Setup’ > ‘WAN Setup’ and change the ‘WAN Preference to “Must use Ethernet WAN”, then click ‘Apply’.	0
How can i change the channel of ex7000?	XWN5021 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when there is no Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The device will resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	0
How can i change the genie gui login password?	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select  'ADVANCED' tab, then click  'ADMINISTRATION', followed by  'SET PASSWORD' option. After the new password has been entered, please click the  'APPLY' button for it to take effect.	1
How can i change the genie gui login password?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How can i change the genie gui login password?	Yes, if Ethernet port 1 and Ethernet port 2 are not connected to an Ethernet port aggregation supported device, they act just like regular Ethernet ports.	0
How can i change the genie gui login password?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
How can i change the genie gui login password?	NETGEAR home routers can block services and domain names but not the actual port.	0
How can i change the genie gui login password?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
How can i change the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) login password?	1. Log into the modem using the steps above. The NETGEAR genie home screen displays.	1
How can i change the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) login password?	Yes, it will continue to improve the device’s antenna performance. However it will not charge the device and the Ethernet connection will not work.	0
How can i change the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) login password?	* Blink blue color twice per second: Remote control has paired NeoTV PRIME and is trying to connect NeoTV PRIME.	0
How can i change the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) login password?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
How can i change the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) login password?	Unfortunately, the WNR2000v4 does not support jumbo frames.	0
How can i change the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) login password?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
How can i changing the display language?	The Restore Factory Settings button is located on the bottom of the unit.While the adapter is turned on and wait until the LED turns amber and the TV screen shows “Ready for Connection”, tap the Restore Factory Settings button.To step through the language selections, tap the Restore Factory Settings button for less than 0.5 seconds.To go back to the previous language selection, press the Restore Factory Settings button for more than 0.5 second and less than 5 seconds.When the correct language is displayed, release the Restore Factory Settings button.	1
How can i changing the display language?	The power consumption of XAVB6504 is 4.2 Watts in 110V AC and 5.0 Watts in 240V AC.	0
How can i changing the display language?	After the migration, a MyNETGEAR account is required to use the ReadyCLOUD service. The ReadyCLOUD services will only be enabled for the following:	0
How can i changing the display language?	Yes, the GS316 supports Flow Control.	0
How can i changing the display language?	If your client has good WiFi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	0
How can i changing the display language?	"The Remote control touch pad has two modes. D-PAD (Up/Down/Left/Right/OK) or Touch Pad (Mouse, mouse click) modes. If the touch pad is in D-PAD mode, the center dot works as ""OK"". If the touch pad is in mouse mode, the center dot works as a mouse click. To enter Mouse pad mode swipe the touch pad, and to enter D-PAD mode click the Up/Down/Left/Right buttons."	0
How can i check the internet status?	Enter http://192.168.1.1 or http://www.routerlogin.net in the address field of your web browser.	1
How can i check the internet status?	The USB connection only works with USB Storage devices that DO NOT have an internal USB hub. The file formats recognized are FAT, FAT32, NTFS, MacOS X (HFS+, not older HFS), and ext2/3 formatted drives.	0
How can i check the internet status?	For all product and data/credit top up enquiries, please visit the dedicated AroundTown website at the following link:	0
How can i check the internet status?	 NO, you will need to purchase a 4G device to take advantage of the 4G network. However, you will still be able to use your existing 3G devices for the foreseeable future on a 3G network.	0
How can i check the internet status?	The factory reset button is located next to the Ethernet port of the CMD31T. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 5-10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
How can i check the internet status?	 The distance (200 feet) from the existing router is too far, thinking that there is also interference. Using a wireless powerline adapter is another option.	0
How can i configure gss108e or gs116e?	There is a configuration Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC. Also, once you know the IP address through the Plus Utility, you can configure it via Web browser.	1
How can i configure gss108e or gs116e?	No, the DST6501 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
How can i configure gss108e or gs116e?	Yes.	0
How can i configure gss108e or gs116e?	M6100-3S chassis total throughput is 357 Mpps (Million packets per second) inter-module and 1,071 Mpps intra-module.	0
How can i configure gss108e or gs116e?	It actually depends on the environment and the router you are using. The WNDA3100v2 is just a receiver.	0
How can i configure gss108e or gs116e?	A6210 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6210 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6210 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6210 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
How can i configure jgs524e?	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	1
How can i configure jgs524e?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3700 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
How can i configure jgs524e?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
How can i configure jgs524e?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
How can i configure jgs524e?	The IR lamp included with your VueZone Night Vision Camera will provide visibility of 25 feet. You can purchase more powerful IR illuminators from a variety of sources, and any 850 nm illuminator is compatible with the VueZone Night Vision Camera.	0
How can i configure jgs524e?	PVSTP is based on 802.1s and PVRSTP is based on 802.1w. When a switch running PVRSTP receives PVSTP BPDU, then the switch falls back to the lower version (PVSTP) after its migration-delay timer expires.	0
How can i configure xs708e?	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	1
How can i configure xs708e?	* The update process is completed when the onscreen progress bar completes. During the firmware update, the Power LED blinks amber. After the firmware update is done, the router restarts and the Power LED illuminates solid amber.	0
How can i configure xs708e?	We suggest you always use the latest firmware available. The newest firmware has the most up to date features and will be the most stable version available.	0
How can i configure xs708e?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 130Mbps support the draft 802.11N specification and use 20MHz and 40MHz frequency, respectively. Up to 130Mbps will provide the maximum performance in most cases. For maximum wireless throughput, use the RANGEMAX NEXT wireless notebook adapter WN111v2.	0
How can i configure xs708e?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
How can i configure xs708e?	No.	0
How can i equip a gigabit blade for poe?	XCM8948 blade (48 x 1G RJ45) and XCM8944 blade (40 x 1G RJ45, 2 x SFP+, 2 x 10GBASE-T) can be equipped with a PoE daughter card for turning on PoE, PoE+ and/or UPOE on every Gigabit RJ45 ports on the blade. It means than any blade XCM8948 or XCM8944 can be upgraded with PoE at any point of time, and possibly downgraded if the application has changed. This is much more flexible than built-in PoE line-cards for instance, and it provides great investment protection in case of UPOE upgrade: only the daughter card would be upgraded, not the blade – hence lowering the cost and removing the need for re-configuration. There are two different PoE daughter cards: XCM89P for PoE+ and XCM89UP for UPOE. One daughter card per I/O blade is required.	1
How can i equip a gigabit blade for poe?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
How can i equip a gigabit blade for poe?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard utility or Windows Zero Configuration (Vista’s AutoConfig) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide or User Reference manual on the Resource CD for more information.	0
How can i equip a gigabit blade for poe?	The CM600 supports up to 24 downstream channels and 8 upstream channels.	0
How can i equip a gigabit blade for poe?	The EVA8000 can access your PC, Mac, Linux or NAS servers directly. The EVA8000 doesn't require ANY UPnP server (except for DRM content) and we recommend that you do not use UPnP, since this will be slower and make several features not work as well.	0
How can i equip a gigabit blade for poe?	The GTV100 does not have a list of supported channels. If the channel is not compatible, the GTV100 will prompt an error. For Google TV FAQ, you may visit this link: https://developers.google.com/tv/faq	0
How can i extend battery life?	* Manually power off or configure to use a smaller Wi-Fi range within the advanced settings.	1
How can i extend battery life?	Yes, your cable TV line can carry the TV signal while you send and receive information on the Internet.	0
How can i extend battery life?	 CPU TYPE             Intel Atom SOC   Intel Atom SOC                 Marvell ARM SOC	0
How can i extend battery life?	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
How can i extend battery life?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in on NETGEAR’s WNDR3300 which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port.	0
How can i extend battery life?	That means PR2000 does not recognized your USB storage. It may have interoperability issue, or the power source of PR2000 is not enough to provide current to the storage.	0
How can i fix the delay in the cursor?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter using Intel WiDi software on your PC, and click  PROPERTIES.	1
How can i fix the delay in the cursor?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on. We can also tune these channels to make sure they don't interfere with other RF signals – like Amateur Ham Radio operators – in effect, notching out those frequencies from use (effectively using only 917 of the 1155). This reduces overall throughput, but ensures that we don't impact HAM Radio communications.	0
How can i fix the delay in the cursor?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WNR2000v3, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network. We also recommend that you configure a security mode and passphrase for your Guest Network different from your primary wireless network as an added security.	0
How can i fix the delay in the cursor?	The IR lamp included with your VueZone Night Vision Camera will provide visibility of 25 feet. You can purchase more powerful IR illuminators from a variety of sources, and any 850 nm illuminator is compatible with the VueZone Night Vision Camera.	0
How can i fix the delay in the cursor?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands (1x 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
How can i fix the delay in the cursor?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
How can i make sure i design and order m6100 components correctly, based on my needs?	You are more than welcome contacting NETGEAR Sales organization, for instance at (408) 907-8000 or by email: [sales@netgear.com](mailto:sales@netgear.com). NETGEAR Sales Engineers will help you design M6100 perfectly. You can also visit [www.netgear.com/m6100](http://www.netgear.com/m6100) and download “M6100 basic configurator”, or “M6100 expert configurator” files under Resources tab.	1
How can i make sure i design and order m6100 components correctly, based on my needs?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
How can i make sure i design and order m6100 components correctly, based on my needs?	There is a USB port on the back side of R6250; it's a USB 3.0 port. You could use the USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready SHARE printer. The USB 3.0 read/write speed is 2-3 times faster than USB2.0 port.	0
How can i make sure i design and order m6100 components correctly, based on my needs?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, and Broadcast Storm Filtering.	0
How can i make sure i design and order m6100 components correctly, based on my needs?	No. You don't need to change anything on your router. WN31000RP does not use WPS protocol to connect to your router. If your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it, please follow the FAQ 13 to complete the installation.	0
How can i make sure i design and order m6100 components correctly, based on my needs?	There is no expansion chassis for RN3138 at this time. NETGEAR desktop expansion EDA500 is not compatible with RN3138.	0
How can i play back protected (drm) files bought from an online service such as napster, msn music, or movielink?	Since these files are protected, they can only be played if served from a PC using Windows Media Connect or the Intel Viiv Media Server. Other third-party media servers will not work.	1
How can i play back protected (drm) files bought from an online service such as napster, msn music, or movielink?	"1. ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
How can i play back protected (drm) files bought from an online service such as napster, msn music, or movielink?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAVN2001 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
How can i play back protected (drm) files bought from an online service such as napster, msn music, or movielink?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
How can i play back protected (drm) files bought from an online service such as napster, msn music, or movielink?	The R6300 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
How can i play back protected (drm) files bought from an online service such as napster, msn music, or movielink?	The choice is usually determined by your local telecommunication service provider. By choosing different plans offered by your service provider, an ADSL or a VDSL line is provided to you.	0
How can i play hd movies and tv shows on the neotv streaming player?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	1
How can i play hd movies and tv shows on the neotv streaming player?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA4100.	0
How can i play hd movies and tv shows on the neotv streaming player?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How can i play hd movies and tv shows on the neotv streaming player?	The EVA8000 uses a network share or USB drive to store some of its settings. This location is user definable and is normally configured during setup. This location can be changed to a different location at any time by choosing the following from the Home menu:  MORE >  SUPERVISOR FUNCTIONS >  ADVANCED SETTINGS >  MEDIA LIBRARY MANAGEMENT >  DATA SAVE LOCATION.	0
How can i play hd movies and tv shows on the neotv streaming player?	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	0
How can i play hd movies and tv shows on the neotv streaming player?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘diagnostics” to get what you need.	0
How can i program my own firmware to the router?	The firmware can be programmed to the router via the web GUI of the router -- Log in to the router's web UI at http://www.routerlogin.com, open the Router Upgrade page, locate your firmware image file, then click at Upload.	1
How can i program my own firmware to the router?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
How can i program my own firmware to the router?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
How can i program my own firmware to the router?	"Launch web browser to login GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	0
How can i program my own firmware to the router?	The distance you can space the EX7300/EX6400 away from your router will vary from home to home. Walls, electronics, and pipes between the router and the extender can significantly decrease the range of your router's WiFi signals. We suggest you place the EX7300/EX6400 half way between your router and your dead spot.	0
How can i program my own firmware to the router?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
How can i put ex6200 to get the best performance?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX6200 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	1
How can i put ex6200 to get the best performance?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
How can i put ex6200 to get the best performance?	Retail: Best Buy, Frys, Staples, Office Depot	0
How can i put ex6200 to get the best performance?	Powerline products need to be used in 'pairs' – at least two in a home. So NETGEAR sells them in pairs, like the XAVB2101 which is a bundle of two XAV2101. However, customers do have the option to add a 3rd or 4th etc device to their network. So for that reason, we sell the single units – XAV2101	0
How can i put ex6200 to get the best performance?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare)	0
How can i put ex6200 to get the best performance?	Yes, please download it from the NETGEAR SUPPORT web site.	0
How can i put ex7000 to get the best performance?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX7000 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	1
How can i put ex7000 to get the best performance?	DGND3700 automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the Internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
How can i put ex7000 to get the best performance?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDRMAC firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can't use those channels.	0
How can i put ex7000 to get the best performance?	The antennas are 3dbi, 2i means 2dbi. The antennas are only producing the signal, it is the chipset that determines whether the router has 5GHz capability or not.	0
How can i put ex7000 to get the best performance?	 No, it will not work.	0
How can i put ex7000 to get the best performance?	WNDA4100 can support 802.1x setting, WPA-enterprise and WPA2-enterprise. User must use Microsoft Wireless Auto Config tool (Or Wireless Zero Config tool in XP) to select the credential. Adapter genie doesn’t provide GUI page for user to select credential.	0
How can i rack mount the m6100-3s chassis?	The M6100-3S chassis comes with a rack-mount kit and complimentary handles for 2-post racks and wiring cabinets. The M6100-3S chassis also comes with sliding rails for 4-post racks and wiring/server cabinets.	1
How can i rack mount the m6100-3s chassis?	None. It is recommended to use a universal remote control that uses NEC protocol.	0
How can i rack mount the m6100-3s chassis?	Additional info and utility can be found at [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
How can i rack mount the m6100-3s chassis?	XAV101, XAV2001,XAV2501,XAV1004 and XAVN2001 (support wireless).	0
How can i rack mount the m6100-3s chassis?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
How can i rack mount the m6100-3s chassis?	The best distance is within 12 feet (about 3 meters). Also, ensure the Push2TV is in a clear line of sight from the PC.	0
How can i reset and restore the range extender to factory default settings?	Two methods can reset the device to factory default. The first method is HW method :	1
How can i reset and restore the range extender to factory default settings?	Make sure that the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the extender and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
How can i reset and restore the range extender to factory default settings?	* Make sure you have added the WN2000RPT MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
How can i reset and restore the range extender to factory default settings?	No. XAV101v2 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV101 is only compatible with HomePlug AV devices. Besides, we don’t recommend to put XAV101v2 devices at the co-existence environment with HomePlug 1.0 adapters. The throughput will be impacted by HomePlug 1.0 adapters.	0
How can i reset and restore the range extender to factory default settings?	* Check the LED on the front panel of the Digital Entertainer HD to make sure the power is on. Make sure the television is turned on. If the LED on the front panel is not on push “power” on the remote and / or make sure the unit is plugged in.	0
How can i reset and restore the range extender to factory default settings?	Closing the laptop lid may put the system to sleep or turn it off and, as a result, close the connection. To change this, from Windows select Start > Search, type Closing the lid in the search field, and change the settings to do nothing.	0
How can i reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks; this takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	1
How can i reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	NETGEAR recommends using up to 8 power line devices.	0
How can i reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps. (Best)	0
How can i reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	1. Type 192.168.1.1 in a Web browser.	0
How can i reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	PVSTP is based on 802.1s and PVRSTP is based on 802.1w. When a switch running PVRSTP receives PVSTP BPDU, then the switch falls back to the lower version (PVSTP) after its migration-delay timer expires.	0
How can i reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	No.	0
How can i reset the neotv 350?	To reset your device to factory settings, on your screen navigate to Setup/System and select Factory Default.	1
How can i reset the neotv 350?	The XAVB5602 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site, if any.	0
How can i reset the neotv 350?	The FastBackbone feature allows for faster convergence time when an indirect link to root fails. When a root port or blocked port receives an inferior BPDU from the designated switch on that port, the switch infers that an indirect link to the root has failed. To speed up convergence, the max age timer is immediately expired and the port is put through the Listening and Learning states.	0
How can i reset the neotv 350?	Yes. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can be used to connect the Extender to your existing router or connect your PC to the Extender. To use WPS to connect the extender to your router, first, press WN2500RP’s WPS button. Within 2 minutes, press your router.	0
How can i reset the neotv 350?	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
How can i reset the neotv 350?	* Please ensure you have set the uplink bandwidth speed correctly. We recommend testing the uplink bandwidth speed by going to [www.speedtest.net](http://www.speedtest.net/) and running this test on a wired client with no other internet traffic on other client devices.	0
How can i reset the router?	When the power light is on, you can push and hold the reset button at the real panel for 2 seconds and then release the button. Do NOT hold the button for more than 10 seconds, and that will cause the router to restore to the factory default.	1
How can i reset the router?	WNR612 has passed the Wi-Fi certification pre-test and is designed and developed to the IEEE 802.11b/g standards.	0
How can i reset the router?	* For each XAVB5101 devices, press its Security button for >0.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
How can i reset the router?	Two methods can reset the device to factory default. The first method is HW method :	0
How can i reset the router?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601, XAV1401 and XAV1301 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
How can i reset the router?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv adapter?	The Restore Factory Settings button is located on the bottom of the unit.While the adapter is turned on and wait until the LED turns amber and the TV screen shows “Ready for Connection”, press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button for more than 5 seconds until the LED on the front starts blinking.Release the Restore Factory Settings button and the adapter will reboot and restore factory settings.	1
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv adapter?	OpenVPN is the same as VPN passthrough. No configuration is needed on the router to setup VPN. This requires VPN client software to setup connection.	0
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv adapter?	* Press the Security button of the XAV2602 unit for more than 2 seconds then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink.	0
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv adapter?	ReadyNAS Vault stores your offsite in the Cloud. It is maintained (at a minimum) on multiple devices across several facilities in a system designed to protect the loss of data in one of the facilities, so that even large-scale natural disasters do not pose a threat to the integrity and security of user data. While we do not disclose the exact locations of the facilities, our technical team partners with Amazon Web Services to utilize their physical infrastructure. For more info, see [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208282596-Where-is-my-account-data-physically-stored- ](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208282596-Where-is-my-account-data-physically-stored-Â )	0
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv adapter?	Using these channels may cause interference with other devices approved to use these channels.	0
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv adapter?	When a license is purchased, it can be in one of three forms:	0
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv?	The Reset button is on the bottom of the unit. Use a paper clip to press and hold the  RESET button for 10 seconds.	1
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv?	In an effort to bring more connectivity and simplicity to NETGEAR customers, NETGEAR is combining your ReadyCLOUD account with a single sign-on (SSO) account at MyNETGEAR.com. This means that you can use your MyNETGEAR.com account to connect to your ReadyCLOUD-enabled devices.	0
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv?	With many Internet Service Providers now restricting the maximum allowable traffic per month, many customers find out the hard way that their Internet usage exceeds what’s allowed by the ISP and as a result having to pay premium for over-usage.With Broadband Usage Meter, the router sends an warning to you indicating that you are close to reaching the limit.The generation of the warning message is customizable in the GUI and with this feature you are now safe from being surprised at the end of the month when the bill arrives.	0
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv?	No, the DM200 VDSL modem does not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
How can i restore factory settings to the push2tv?	 XAV1401V1: To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1401 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
How can i restore the router to factory default settings?	* Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power/test LED light blinks. This takes about 5 to 10 seconds. (To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it).	1
How can i restore the router to factory default settings?	* [ReadyCLOUD Permissions](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24927)	0
How can i restore the router to factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The newest and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How can i restore the router to factory default settings?	Yes, however, it will not pass the data via the USB cable, only charge. Also, typically a PC USB port will not provide sufficient charge to get full functionality of the cradle, so it is not recommended.	0
How can i restore the router to factory default settings?	WPS supports WPA/WPA2 security, if your Router is using WEP security you will need to walk through the Extender Genie setup.	0
How can i restore the router to factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How can i resume my internet access when my router reaches the monthly limit on the traffic meter?	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	1
How can i resume my internet access when my router reaches the monthly limit on the traffic meter?	Yes, WNDAP350 can support 11n data rates over WDS links with other compatible ProSAFE Wireless-N Access Points.	0
How can i resume my internet access when my router reaches the monthly limit on the traffic meter?	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support port auto negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	0
How can i resume my internet access when my router reaches the monthly limit on the traffic meter?	The WN3500RP cannot check to see if the WEP passphrase is correct. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless device is not able to get the IP address from the WN3500RP. You must reset the WN3500RP to the factory defaults to get the IP address back.	0
How can i resume my internet access when my router reaches the monthly limit on the traffic meter?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
How can i resume my internet access when my router reaches the monthly limit on the traffic meter?	The WN3500RP cannot check to see if the WEP passphrase is correct. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless device is not able to get the IP address from the WN3500RP. You must reset the WN3500RP to the factory defaults to get the IP address back.	0
How can i resume my internet access whenever router reached my monthly limit on traffic meter?	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	1
How can i resume my internet access whenever router reached my monthly limit on traffic meter?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
How can i resume my internet access whenever router reached my monthly limit on traffic meter?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
How can i resume my internet access whenever router reached my monthly limit on traffic meter?	* For wireless networks, make sure that the Wireless Network Name (SSID) and security settings of the Digital Entertainer HD and media server match exactly.	0
How can i resume my internet access whenever router reached my monthly limit on traffic meter?	In an effort to bring more connectivity and simplicity to NETGEAR customers, NETGEAR is combining your ReadyCLOUD account with a single sign-on (SSO) account at MyNETGEAR.com. This means that you can use your MyNETGEAR.com account to connect to your ReadyCLOUD-enabled devices.	0
How can i resume my internet access whenever router reached my monthly limit on traffic meter?	"1. ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
How can i setup another netgear 11ac router in bridge mode?	Please use any NETGEAR 11ac WIFI router like R6300 or R6200 on the other end and install it in bridge mode to setup an 11ac WIFI connection. Please follow the instructions to setup R6300/R6200 in bridge mode:	1
How can i setup another netgear 11ac router in bridge mode?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router. Users can put the switch either at “wireless” or “wired” position depending on the use scenario. “Wired” position is selected if the Internet is reachable from a wired connection, for instance, by a DSL modem or another router’s LAN port. Otherwise, “wireless” position is preferred if a user wants to share a Hotspot wireless connection among various wireless devices.	0
How can i setup another netgear 11ac router in bridge mode?	The user name is admin, and the default password is password. Both are case-sensitive.	0
How can i setup another netgear 11ac router in bridge mode?	Yes, the GS316 supports Port Auto-Negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	0
How can i setup another netgear 11ac router in bridge mode?	EEE (Energy Efficient Ethernet) is an IEEE standard of 802.3az, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
How can i setup another netgear 11ac router in bridge mode?	"Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing WN31000RP. Once you have complete WN31000RP installation, go to WN31000RP GUI ([http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net)), select the ""Attached device"" option on the left page, it will show the information which each computer attached to WN31000RP. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the ""Virtual MAC address"" column into your router."	0
How can i to reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	1
How can i to reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	The D3600/D6000 devices have the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wired and/or WiFi connection.	0
How can i to reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	Yes, the XAVB5601 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
How can i to reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	"1. If you run ""NETGEAR"" GUI, you can see a instruction graph to guide you where the Push Button is by clicking WPS AP from “Networks” page of NTGR GUI or clicking “Join a Network” button."	0
How can i to reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	This is Per VLAN Spanning Tree and Per VLAN Rapid Spanning Tree. There is no IEEE standard yet for Per VLAN (R)STP, but NETGEAR implementation follows the same rules than other vendor’s Per VLAN (R)STP for interoperability:	0
How can i to reset and restore the router to factory default settings?	Yes, latest version of the Desktop Genie can be downloaded from NETGEAR web site [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng).	0
How can i update the firmware on my push2tv?	1. Push and hold the WPS button on the side of the PTV3000 unit for more than 5 seconds.	1
How can i update the firmware on my push2tv?	Any wireless router will work with the WNCE4004. To get optimal WiFi performance we recommend using a router with comparable WiFi speed. In this case, a router that supports WiFi speed of 450 Mbps on the 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless band or better.	0
How can i update the firmware on my push2tv?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How can i update the firmware on my push2tv?	1. Make sure your AP is not running legacy B or G. This kind of AP can’t have enough wireless bandwidth to support HD.	0
How can i update the firmware on my push2tv?	To get the fastest performance with port aggregation, for wired connections use Ethernet port 3 for the first computer, and use Ethernet port 4, 5, or 6 for the second computer. This will allow for speeds up to 2 Gbps with port aggregation. The maximum speed between 4, 5, and 6 is limited to 1Gbps.	0
How can i update the firmware on my push2tv?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
How can readynas help my business?	One unique way ReadyNAS can help businesses is by providing constant access to your secure data from anywhere. Everyone is familiar with cloud solutions hosted on the internet. Consumers use free services from Google, Microsoft, Apple for email, backup, calendaring, etc. But for businesses those solutions can be very expensive. There are also concerns over security and privacy. With ReadyNAS all the data is hosted on your device, but you can access your data through mobile applications or the ReadyCLOUD portal. Each solution will create a secure VPN-like tunnel directly to your ReadyNAS. Now you can access your data with the ease of the cloud without any of the concerns of using a 3rd party to host your data.	1
How can readynas help my business?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
How can readynas help my business?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
How can readynas help my business?	The choice is usually determined by your local telecommunication service provider. By choosing different plans offered by your service provider, an ADSL or a VDSL line is provided to you.	0
How can readynas help my business?	The MCA1001 can support up to 16 units on a network.	0
How can readynas help my business?	A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5001 wifi ap?	You can enable the XWN5001 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	1
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5001 wifi ap?	If the client device has connected to router directly, the extender setup URL is not accessible. Please connect your client device to the extender directly and enter Extender setup URL again.	0
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5001 wifi ap?	There are three built-in connections in this device, the ADSL port, two Ethernet ports, and the N150 (150Mbps) WiFi. That combination is all one needs to get Internet connection via a DSL service, and share that Internet connection with multiple WiFi devices, such as notebook computers, Smartphones, tablets, etc. The Ethernet connector is for devices that do not have built-in WiFi but still need to get on to the Internet.	0
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5001 wifi ap?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5001 wifi ap?	This is a known issue on the CM600. To fix the issue simply click on the help center arrow to open and close the help center. You will then be able to scroll. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5001 wifi ap?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘statistics” to get what you need.	0
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5021 wifi ap?	You can enable the XWN5021 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	1
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5021 wifi ap?	Although the R8500 is a 4x4 Wi-Fi router, there are no 4x4 Wi-Fi clients available on the market yet. However, the throughput improvement on your existing Wi-Fi client can be improved with newer Wi-Fi chipsets and the NETGEAR design active antennas. 4x4 Wi-Fi will also be very useful with MU-MIMO capability.	0
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5021 wifi ap?	 NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with “wired” or Ethernet connection only.	0
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5021 wifi ap?	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz. Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV2602 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5021 wifi ap?	Precision RF engineering has made it capable for the WNDR3700 to extend the range of 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz network to the limits. While this router is great to use in large homes and range challenge settings, you might not need the benefit of the highest range the router is capable off.	0
How can you enable the power saving mode on the xwn5021 wifi ap?	"The default password is ""password""."	0
How close to the push2tv should my laptop be? can they be in different rooms?	The best distance is within 12 feet (about 3 meters). Also, ensure the Push2TV is in a clear line of sight from the PC.	1
How close to the push2tv should my laptop be? can they be in different rooms?	When you upgrade your ReadyCLOUD account, your users automatically migrate to your MyNETGEAR.com account.	0
How close to the push2tv should my laptop be? can they be in different rooms?	NO! The DST6501 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
How close to the push2tv should my laptop be? can they be in different rooms?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input. Using a paperclip or sharp object press and hold the reset button for about 10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
How close to the push2tv should my laptop be? can they be in different rooms?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGN2200 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
How close to the push2tv should my laptop be? can they be in different rooms?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the  d7000  retail box?	The D7000 does not come with an installation CD. The D7000 is embedded with NETGEAR genie (Setup Wizard) that guides you through the automatic installation processes, it is easier than CD installation.	1
How come there is no install cd that came with the  d7000  retail box?	The resolution of the Night Vision Camera is the same during normal light or at night.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the  d7000  retail box?	The XAVB5601 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the  d7000  retail box?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, Broadcast Storm Filtering, LAG, loop detection and IEEE 802.3az Energy Efficient Ethernet (EEE).	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the  d7000  retail box?	"XAV2602 is one of ""Pass Thru"" Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won't be able to occupy the original electrical outlet."	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the  d7000  retail box?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode and your PC pops up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6200(b) retail box?	The D6200(B) does not come with an install CD. It comes with an application called genie that will help configure the router.	1
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6200(b) retail box?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WNR2000v3, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network. We also recommend that you configure a security mode and passphrase for your Guest Network different from your primary wireless network as an added security.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6200(b) retail box?	No. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can only be used to connect the PC to the WiFi Booster. See more instructions below.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6200(b) retail box?	* Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6200(b) retail box?	Please use any NETGEAR 11ac WIFI router like R6300 or R6200 on the other end and install it in bridge mode to setup an 11ac WIFI connection. Please follow the instructions to setup R6300/R6200 in bridge mode:	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6200(b) retail box?	Yes, WPN824 can double its range by setting it up in a Repeater mode.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6400 retail box?	The D6400 does not come with an installation CD. It has a feature called NETGEAR genie that guides you through the installation of the router.	1
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6400 retail box?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on. We can also tune these channels to make sure they don't interfere with other RF signals – like Amateur Ham Radio operators – in effect, notching out those frequencies from use (effectively using only 917 of the 1155). This reduces overall throughput, but ensures that we don't impact HAM Radio communications.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6400 retail box?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6400 retail box?	If your client has good wifi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6400 retail box?	After the migration, a MyNETGEAR account is required to use the ReadyCLOUD service. The ReadyCLOUD services will only be enabled for the following:	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the d6400 retail box?	The R6300 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the dgnd3700v2 retail box?	The DGND3700v2 does not come with an install CD, it supports simple browser based install using NETGEAR genie application that will help configure the router.	1
How come there is no install cd that came with the dgnd3700v2 retail box?	No, this is not necessary.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the dgnd3700v2 retail box?	Yes. This is the default setting for Intel Wireless Display. (Note: recommend deleting this Q&A as it's not necessary. Recommend substituting the question below instead).	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the dgnd3700v2 retail box?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the dgnd3700v2 retail box?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the dgnd3700v2 retail box?	The frequencies used by PL1200 are in the range of 2MHz to 68MHz.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the r6300 retail box?	The R6300 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	1
How come there is no install cd that came with the r6300 retail box?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (and not iPhone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPsec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the r6300 retail box?	WNDA3100v2 can be configured to work at certain speed and certain frequency. The option is available in the Advance settings of the NETGEAR Smart Wizard (Wireless Assistant). These options are available but should only be used if you are an advanced user.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the r6300 retail box?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3800B at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the r6300 retail box?	After you reset the C6300 to factory default settings, any previous changes you have made in GUI will no longer be there. The unit has return back to original factory default values.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the r6300 retail box?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the wndr4500 retail box?	The WNDR4500 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	1
How come there is no install cd that came with the wndr4500 retail box?	You can have more than one Extender connection to your Router network, however you cannot daisy chain your additional Extenders. Daisy chaining is not officially supported and will affect performance for client devices connected to the second Extender in the chain.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the wndr4500 retail box?	Please visit [http://www.mystora.com/homebase/premium_comparaison](http://www.mystora.com/homebase/premium_comparaison) for more information.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the wndr4500 retail box?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input)	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the wndr4500 retail box?	To ensure the maximum performance at 5GHz between WNDA3100v2 and Linksys WRT600N, please configure your Linksys router to use a higher channel number on the wide channel than the standard channel number when operating in Wide-40MHz channel. The Radio Band of Wide – 40MHz channel means the router is functioning at HT 40 mode. Set the wide channel to 46 and standard channel to 44 – 5.220GHz to see the maximum 5GHz performance between WNDA3100v2 and WRT600N. If your Linksys router is running at HT20 mode (20MHz channel) then there is no manual setting required to achieve high throughput between the two products.	0
How come there is no install cd that came with the wndr4500 retail box?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How come there is no install cd?	The EX7000 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the extender. You can use wireless device to connect to the default SSID 'NETGEAR_EXT' without security first. Then open EX7000 Web GUI. You can refer to the IG Card or booklet that comes with gift box for more details.	1
How come there is no install cd?	A6200 supports both 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless signal. The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
How come there is no install cd?	This is a known issue on the CM600. To fix the issue simply click on the help center arrow to open and close the help center. You will then be able to scroll. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
How come there is no install cd?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
How come there is no install cd?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3800B firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
How come there is no install cd?	From Windows select Start > Search and type in the search field Allow a program through a Windows Firewall. Add WiDiApp and Wireless PAN DHCP Server to the list of allowed programs. Make sure both private and public check boxes are selected. If you are not using Windows Firewall, consult your firewall user’s manual.	0
How come there is no installation cd?	The WNR2000v5 does not come with an installation CD. It has a new feature called NETGEAR genie that will help with the installation of the router.	1
How come there is no installation cd?	DGN1000 is based on the new 802.11n technology with provides much faster speeds (Up to	0
How come there is no installation cd?	Enter [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://www.routerlogin.net](http://www.routerlogin.net) in the address field of your web browser.	0
How come there is no installation cd?	You will need at least a 1.2 Mbps connection to watch movies instantly on the NeoTV Streaming Player. The faster your connection, the better the quality you will have. For high quality video and audio, a connection of least 2.5 Mbps is required, and for HD 1080p movies 4.5 Mbps is recommended. You can test your bandwidth at one of the sites listed below.  NOTE: It also depends on the Internet connection quality; sometime higher bandwidth is required to accommodate the network packet lost.	0
How come there is no installation cd?	Ethernet port aggregation allows the router to combine Ethernet ports 1 and 2 for data transfer to a supporting device, such as a NAS. The router supports 802.3ad link aggregation protocol, and will improve the aggregation file download and upload speeds to over the 1G boundary. Ethernet port aggregation is also referred to as link aggregation, teaming port, and port trunking.	0
How come there is no installation cd?	No, WN111v2 does not support Windows 98 and Windows ME.	0
How do i access the genie gui page?	You can use a web browser to access the unit and change its settings. You can access it in one of two ways from a web browser: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) or [http://routerlogin.net](http://routerlogin.net). The login name is “admin” (without the double quotes) and the password is “password” (without the double quotes).	1
How do i access the genie gui page?	The R6200v2 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6200v2 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	0
How do i access the genie gui page?	None of the home routers support SNMP.	0
How do i access the genie gui page?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 10 seconds. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
How do i access the genie gui page?	If your product does not have a serial number, it has been refurbished. The serial number is not required to register your product. Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Register%20a%20refurbished%20product) with:	0
How do i access the genie gui page?	No.	0
How do i access the gui configuration pages of the device?	Type in http://192.168.0.1/ in an Internet browser on a PC or MAC connected to one of the device’s 4 Ethernet ports, or connected via Wireless to the device. The URL is the factory default settings. If you change this IP setting in GUI page “LAN IP”, please record your change so that you would know the IP to access GUI page. In case, you forgot your change, you can reset the unit to factory default settings, and then access GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	1
How do i access the gui configuration pages of the device?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the D1500 wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
How do i access the gui configuration pages of the device?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device.	0
How do i access the gui configuration pages of the device?	The DST6501 DST adapter needs a router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The DST will work with wired or wireless type of routers.	0
How do i access the gui configuration pages of the device?	WEP and WPA-PSK [TKIP] (for 54Mbps only)	0
How do i access the gui configuration pages of the device?	No, it doesn't.	0
How do i access the gui?	You can access the GUI by accessing http://192.168.100.1 from a web browser. Please make sure the PC has an IP address in the range of 192.168.100.x. The login name is “admin” and password is “password”.	1
How do i access the gui?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
How do i access the gui?	If this is first time installing the R7300 with the DST6501 add-on, power on the R7300 and DST6501 first, so they will all be connected by the default DST encryption key. You can then install them through NETGEAR genie.	0
How do i access the gui?	WNR612 has passed the Wi-Fi certification pre-test and is designed and developed to the IEEE 802.11b/g standards.	0
How do i access the gui?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
How do i access the gui?	The ideal location to place the Extender is half-way between your wireless router and your computer, but the extender MUST be within the wireless range of the wireless router. For more information, see [Where should I place my NETGEAR WiFi range extender?](https://kb.netgear.com/25508/Where-should-I-place-my-NETGEAR-Wi-Fi-range-extender) and [How far should I place my Nighthawk X6S Tri-Band WiFi Range Extender from my router?](https://kb.netgear.com/000045828/How-far-should-I-place-my-Nighthawk-X6S-Tri-Band-WiFi-Range-Extender-from-my-router).	0
How do i access the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) page?	To access the NETGEAR genie user interface, you will need to log into the modem.	1
How do i access the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) page?	The default IP address is 192.168.1.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default user name “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
How do i access the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) page?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i access the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) page?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i access the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) page?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 10 seconds. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
How do i access the netgear genie graphical user interface (gui) page?	It is using an Intellon 7400 chipset solution, and the max performance is 500Mbps.	0
How do i activate my electronic license?	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	1
How do i activate my electronic license?	Yes, the XAVB5602 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
How do i activate my electronic license?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature of XS708E would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. It is not configurable and enabled by default.	0
How do i activate my electronic license?	Yes, the Stora is hot swappable. However, we strongly recommend that users turn off the unit before removing or installing a hard drive to prevent data corruption or damage to the working drive. A Cold Plug is the opposite which you need to turn off the Stora before removing or installing a hard drive.	0
How do i activate my electronic license?	No. XAVB5101 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
How do i activate my electronic license?	Please visit [www.netgear.com/managed](http://www.netgear.com/managed) and [www.netgear.com/m6100](http://www.netgear.com/m6100)	0
How do i activate my license key received via email from my reseller?	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	1
How do i activate my license key received via email from my reseller?	The maximum power consumption of XAV1101 is 3 Watts.	0
How do i activate my license key received via email from my reseller?	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole on the back panel of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and when you see all four left LEDs (looking from front) start to blinking at the same time, release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	0
How do i activate my license key received via email from my reseller?	It supports 4 types of QoS service. This includes QoS settings for applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. The user can configure QoS based the way the product is used to set internet traffic priority for the best efficiency for the user's situation.	0
How do i activate my license key received via email from my reseller?	The frequencies used by PL1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
How do i activate my license key received via email from my reseller?	It depends on the mode you have selected. The extender is designed to connect wirelessly to the router in “Extender” mode and to connect with an Ethernet cable to the router in “Access Point” mode.	0
How do i activate my printed license key card?	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	1
How do i activate my printed license key card?	It is a universal extender, so all routers should be compatible.	0
How do i activate my printed license key card?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only music files are supported.	0
How do i activate my printed license key card?	A wireless range extender increases the distance of a WiFi network by repeating the WiFi signal and enhancing the overall signal quality over long distances. A WiFi range extender repeats the signals from a network's base WiFi router or access point.	0
How do i activate my printed license key card?	"PR2000 is designed as a portable travel router; that is, PR2000 will examine the existing ""Profile List"" when user changes his location."	0
How do i activate my printed license key card?	Yes. It supports Google Chrome browser, Flash and HTML5 to offer full access to the Web.	0
How do i activate the ac762s?	Customers must use the AC762S with an active SIM card which can be purchased from a mobile operator in your country. Data plan fees apply, and are sold directly by the mobile operator.	1
How do i activate the ac762s?	ReadySHARE Music lets you play music from your computer on a remote audio speaker, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system.	0
How do i activate the ac762s?	No.	0
How do i activate the ac762s?	Please visit [http://www.mystora.com/homebase/premium_comparaison](http://www.mystora.com/homebase/premium_comparaison) for more information.	0
How do i activate the ac762s?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the WiFi Booster network. In your browser, type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, as illustrated in Step 4 on the first page of this Installation Guide. If you still cannot access the WiFi Booster, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET.	0
How do i activate the ac762s?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
How do i activate the aircard 785?	Customers must use the AC785 with an active SIM card which can be purchased from a mobile operator in your country. Data plan fees apply, and are sold directly by the mobile operator.	1
How do i activate the aircard 785?	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC .	0
How do i activate the aircard 785?	* Enables you to take advantage of Gigabit Wi-Fi speeds on current devices.	0
How do i activate the aircard 785?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 Mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
How do i activate the aircard 785?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
How do i activate the aircard 785?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3800B firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
How do i assign an ip address to a specific computer or device?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	1
How do i assign an ip address to a specific computer or device?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i assign an ip address to a specific computer or device?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
How do i assign an ip address to a specific computer or device?	No, PL1200 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
How do i assign an ip address to a specific computer or device?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
How do i assign an ip address to a specific computer or device?	SATA and SSD only.	0
How do i associate my readycloud account with my mynetgear account?	* ReadyNAS storage systems. For step-by-step instructions, see the following KB articles:	1
How do i associate my readycloud account with my mynetgear account?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i associate my readycloud account with my mynetgear account?	The XAVB2001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download from the NETGEAR web site.	0
How do i associate my readycloud account with my mynetgear account?	Yes, the Night Vision Camera is compatible with the Outdoor Shell (VZMS2050, sold separately.)	0
How do i associate my readycloud account with my mynetgear account?	802.3az is an IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) standard, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
How do i associate my readycloud account with my mynetgear account?	M6100-3S distributed fabric speed is 480 Gbps inter-module. Each slot provides 8 x 10G unidirectional access to the backplane (80G half-duplex and 160G full-duplex per slot).	0
How do i attach the product stand?	The two white stand pieces snap into the base and mate with some of the holes on the upper and lower sides near the edge.	1
How do i attach the product stand?	The Stora internal web player uses the Adobe Flash framework, which supports the following file extensions: .MOV, .FLV, .MPG (H.264). Files with these extensions will play directly from the web interface.	0
How do i attach the product stand?	Closing the laptop lid might put the system to sleep or turn it off and, as a result, close the connection. To prevent this from happening, from Windows select  START > SEARCH, type  CLOSING LID in the search field, and change the settings to  DO NOTHING.	0
How do i attach the product stand?	No. Universal WiFi Range Extender is designed to work as an AP/client bridge, not an access point. Instead, you can connect a computer to the extender by an Ethernet cable. The proper usage of the product is to wirelessly connect the Extender to the existing router—in this case, the Extender functions as a client. On the other end, wirelessly connect the Extender to the PC—in this case, the Extender functions as an access point.	0
How do i attach the product stand?	You have 2 options: let the wizard detect whether new firmware is available or manually upload the firmware to the router:	0
How do i attach the product stand?	Because data traffic routed through the Extender network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing network if the connection is good enough. NETGEAR recommends that you only connect through the Extender network when the PC is in a “dead zone” where connection is very poor or non-existent from the existing network.	0
How do i backup data...	* [on my ReadyNAS OS 6 storage system?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23420)	1
How do i backup data...	This model does not have the option to change its mode to modem only.	0
How do i backup data...	No.	0
How do i backup data...	The router has two USB ports. The USB 3.0 port is located on the front panel of the router. The USB 2.0 port is located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as USB printers. Use the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 compatible hard drives.	0
How do i backup data...	No, before APS150W is installed into the M4300-28G or M4300-52G power module slot, be sure to disconnect the AC power cord from APS150W.	0
How do i backup data...	Please refer to the Installation Guide that comes along with the unit.	0
How do i change my router admin password?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	1
How do i change my router admin password?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i change my router admin password?	* Connect the device to your computer via the USB cable and disable Wi-Fi	0
How do i change my router admin password?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i change my router admin password?	Yes. You can press the “Menu” key and select the subtitle, audio or chapter from the on-screen menu.	0
How do i change my router admin password?	When this happens, it is very likely that the WiFi Booster is placed at the borderline of the range covered by the existing router. Please follow the instructions in Question 4 to resolve this.	0
How do i change my setup after the extender is up and running?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the Extender network and your PC is configured as DHCP client mode. In your browser, type the URL [http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net). If you still cannot access the Extender, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net).	1
How do i change my setup after the extender is up and running?	* [What is the ReadyCLOUD Desktop Client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29786)	0
How do i change my setup after the extender is up and running?	Only Android and iOS apps are currently available.	0
How do i change my setup after the extender is up and running?	Go to ADVANCED>NETGEAR Downloader. There are two tabs - Basic settings and Download Manager. Before using NETGEAR Downloader, please go to the Basic settings page to change the settings. If you are okay with the default settings, just go to the Download Manager to continue with your settings.	0
How do i change my setup after the extender is up and running?	During installation via the Smart Wizard CD, DGND3300(B) checks the Web for the latest firmware and gives you the option to automatically install it.	0
How do i change my setup after the extender is up and running?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connections, by design.	0
How do i change my setup after the wifi booster is up and running?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the WiFi Booster network. In your browser, type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, as illustrated in Step 4 on the first page of this Installation Guide. If you still cannot access the WiFi Booster, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET.	1
How do i change my setup after the wifi booster is up and running?	* [What is the ReadyCLOUD Desktop Client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29786)	0
How do i change my setup after the wifi booster is up and running?	* Check all cables to make sure they are connected properly, and be sure you are using the correct input on your TV.	0
How do i change my setup after the wifi booster is up and running?	* Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
How do i change my setup after the wifi booster is up and running?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
How do i change my setup after the wifi booster is up and running?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
How do i change the network name and password?	In the event you need to change you Smart Cradle’s WIFI network name (SSID) or network key (password), you can do this through your web browser. Simply launch a web browser from a computer or wireless device that is connected to the Smart Cradle.	1
How do i change the network name and password?	Dynamic QoS is a feature that tries to best utilize the current bandwidth and allocate resource to the most needed application or device. Not seeing an obvious effect, does not mean it is not working:	0
How do i change the network name and password?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
How do i change the network name and password?	WN802T-200 has reduced the size of the access point and changed the color of the case from white to black. The features provided are the same, but there is an improved user interface (GUI) for cleaner navigation of the features.	0
How do i change the network name and password?	* Green: The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps.	0
How do i change the network name and password?	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2 on my dm200 vdsl/adsl modem ?	DM200 does not support Ethernet WAN mode on LAN port 2.	1
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2 on my dm200 vdsl/adsl modem ?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2 on my dm200 vdsl/adsl modem ?	No, the DST6501 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2 on my dm200 vdsl/adsl modem ?	The resource CD that comes with the product will provide a step-by-step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard utility (or Windows Zero Config, Vista’s Auto Config, Windows 7 WCN) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instruction on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide or User Reference manual on NETGEAR web site for more information.	0
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2 on my dm200 vdsl/adsl modem ?	It is a universal extender, so all routers should be compatible.	0
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2 on my dm200 vdsl/adsl modem ?	Yes, the XAVB5601 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2?	The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web genie. Go to ‘Advanced’ > ‘Setup’ > ‘WAN Setup’ and change the ‘WAN Preference to “Must use Ethernet WAN”, then click ‘Apply’.	1
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2?	Yes. This device does supports IPv6. There is option in the GUI to choose LAN side IPv6 mode. By default IPv6 mode is set to auto-config which supports majority of the IPv6 capable devices. If you choose DHCPv6, some of your devices may not be able to support IPv6.	0
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2?	PIN (Personal Identification Number) - PIN has to be taken either from a sticker label or from the web interface of the WPS device. This PIN will then be entered in the AP or client WPS device to connect.	0
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2?	You can go to router GUI page. If there’s new firmware, it will automatic show up on the top of the GUI page. You can upgrade it by click “A router firmware upgrade is available” button on the GUI page.	0
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device.	0
How do i change to ethernet wan mode on lan port 2?	Visit [http://readycloud.netgear.com](http://readycloud.netgear.com) on a computer that is on the same local area network (LAN) and Internet connection as your ReadyNAS system. If your computer does not have Internet access, install and run the RAIDar utility instead. RAIDar is on the resource CD that came with your system.	0
How do i configure xs708ev2?	You can use Web browser to configure it. Besides, there is a ProSAFE Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You can install it on a MS-Window-based PC to configure it.	1
How do i configure xs708ev2?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
How do i configure xs708ev2?	Please check whether you have a DECT cordless phone. If so, please make sure its base station is not within 3 feet (1 meter) of the router, otherwise, their signals will get mixed and you’ll experience connection issues to the router.	0
How do i configure xs708ev2?	[How and when do I use the Advanced Options tab?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21456)	0
How do i configure xs708ev2?	Make sure that the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the extender and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
How do i configure xs708ev2?	Pick a plug is a technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
How do i connect my digital entertainer from the living room to my router for best performance?	For the best performance from your Digital Entertainer, a wired Ethernet connection will enable HD video and high resolution photos to be streamed at the highest bitrates. Secondarily, using NETGEAR's Powerline HD product provides a next generation alternative to wireline and supports all but the most demanding HD streaming and high resolution photos. For wireless 802.11G connection, you can expect to stream standard definition video, music and standard resolution photos reliably although high network traffic and interference may cause some audio/video interruptions.	1
How do i connect my digital entertainer from the living room to my router for best performance?	The admin logins for this models should also be admin for username and password for password, unless the router was reflashed with a third party firmware. There were cases that it was found out that the router was autoset as AP because there is an existing modem/router in the network. In such cases, you may set the router as AP via LAN to LAN setup.	0
How do i connect my digital entertainer from the living room to my router for best performance?	Yes DGN3500 supports up to 4 SSID. Each SSID can configure to have different password	0
How do i connect my digital entertainer from the living room to my router for best performance?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today:	0
How do i connect my digital entertainer from the living room to my router for best performance?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 145Mbps or 300Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
How do i connect my digital entertainer from the living room to my router for best performance?	Dynamic QoS service can only detect your device if Dynamic QoS is enabled, and you are generating traffic on your network devices. You can monitor them through  ATTACHED DEVICES page.	0
How do i connect my printer to the network since there is no usb port on the dsl gateway?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the D1500 wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	1
How do i connect my printer to the network since there is no usb port on the dsl gateway?	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. For more details, see [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
How do i connect my printer to the network since there is no usb port on the dsl gateway?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
How do i connect my printer to the network since there is no usb port on the dsl gateway?	"1. Push the ""WPS and DST Router Sync"" button on the DST adapter for two seconds."	0
How do i connect my printer to the network since there is no usb port on the dsl gateway?	Yes, it supports jumbo frames up to 9,216 bytes.	0
How do i connect my printer to the network since there is no usb port on the dsl gateway?	The CMD31T supports up to 4 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	0
How do i connect my printer to the network?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the device wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	1
How do i connect my printer to the network?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
How do i connect my printer to the network?	GSS108E and GS116E support loop detection. When a loop is detected, both left and right LED on the affected port will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second.	0
How do i connect my printer to the network?	Powerline uses a home's existing electrical wiring to network computers in different rooms so that they can share files, printers, and Internet connections. NETGEAR Powerline products use existing electrical outlets. If your wiring is modern and up to code, there is no need to rewire outlets or to install special filters.	0
How do i connect my printer to the network?	Please see below in details	0
How do i connect my printer to the network?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on. We can also tune these channels to make sure they don't interfere with other RF signals - like Amateur Ham Radio operators - in effect, notching out those frequencies from use (effectively using only 917 of the 1155). This reduces overall throughput, but ensures that we don't impact HAM Radio communications.	0
How do i connect to my wireless network?	Launch the Wireless Configuration Utility by clicking on the icon in your OS notifications area. Select your network and click Connect.	1
How do i connect to my wireless network?	Yes, WNR2200 supports FAT16, FAT32, NTFS, NTFS compressed, and ext2 file systems.	0
How do i connect to my wireless network?	No, PL1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
How do i connect to my wireless network?	Yes.	0
How do i connect to my wireless network?	R6300 Wi-Fi router is backward compatible with 802.11 a/b/g and n, so will work with the current Wi-Fi devices in your home, if you have a laptop with 802.11n Wi-Fi it will connect at 802.11n speeds with the 802.11ac R6300 router. To take advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	0
How do i connect to my wireless network?	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select “ADVANCED” tab, then click “Administration”, “Set Password” menus. After entering in the new password, please click the “Apply” button for it to take effect.	0
How do i connect wireless clients to the plw1000 adapter by using the wps button?	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	1
How do i connect wireless clients to the plw1000 adapter by using the wps button?	No, manual firmware upgrade is not supported on cable modem products. Your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware for your modem. Firmware upgrades for modems take place automatically through your internet connection.	0
How do i connect wireless clients to the plw1000 adapter by using the wps button?	Yes, the WNR2000v5 support this feature. You can visit this website on how to enable this feature:	0
How do i connect wireless clients to the plw1000 adapter by using the wps button?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
How do i connect wireless clients to the plw1000 adapter by using the wps button?	The PL1000 adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The PLW1000 will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
How do i connect wireless clients to the plw1000 adapter by using the wps button?	Ensure the USB drive is formatted to one of the following supported file system types: ext2/ext3/ext4/FAT/FAT32/NTFS/HFS/HFS+. The USB HDD can be accessed by entering the IP address \\192.168.0.5 in the Windows explorer. The USB Hard Drive will show up as ‘storage0’ (The second USB will show up as ‘storage1’).	0
How do i connect wireless devices to the dst6501 adapter using wps?	"1. Push the ""WPS and DST Router Sync"" button on the DST adapter for two seconds."	1
How do i connect wireless devices to the dst6501 adapter using wps?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i connect wireless devices to the dst6501 adapter using wps?	Guest wireless networks are enabled and configured in “Wireless Guest Network” page of GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
How do i connect wireless devices to the dst6501 adapter using wps?	NETGEAR publishes the open source code on the web site see [NETGEAR open source code for programmers (GPL)](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/2649)	0
How do i connect wireless devices to the dst6501 adapter using wps?	"Netflix channel can only be used and accessed using the D-PAD mode (Up/Down/Left/Right/OK). You will not be able to use the Touch Pad (mouse/mouse click) mode to control and navigate the Netflix channel. When using the Touch Pad mode, you will no longer be able to see the mouse pointer but instead you will see a ""stop"" icon (circle with a line). When using Netflix, please turn of the Touch Pad by pressing any one of the Up/Down/Left/Right button."	0
How do i connect wireless devices to the dst6501 adapter using wps?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands ( 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
How do i connect wireless devices to the plw1000 adapter using the wps button?	"1. Push the ""WPS"" button on the wireless device."	1
How do i connect wireless devices to the plw1000 adapter using the wps button?	Additional info and utility can be found at [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
How do i connect wireless devices to the plw1000 adapter using the wps button?	It supports 4 types of QoS service. This includes QoS settings for applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. The user can configure QoS based the way the product is used to set internet traffic priority for the best efficiency for the user's situation.	0
How do i connect wireless devices to the plw1000 adapter using the wps button?	3G: HSPA / UMTS @ 2100MHz and 2G: GSM / GPRS / EDGE @ 850/900/ 1800/1900MHz	0
How do i connect wireless devices to the plw1000 adapter using the wps button?	We do not support the EVA as a NAS. You'll find the EVA's server performance is not up to par with actual NAS devices. The hard drive option is provided for the following purposes:	0
How do i connect wireless devices to the plw1000 adapter using the wps button?	WNDA3100 is in the process of applying the DFS (Dynamic Frequency Selection) certification at various regions worldwide. At this time, please configure your 5GHz router running at non-DFS channels. The non-DFS channels for US are channel 36-48 and 149-161. The non-DFS channels for Europe are channel 36 to channel 48.	0
How do i discover my readynas?	Visit [http://readycloud.netgear.com](http://readycloud.netgear.com) on a computer that is on the same local area network (LAN) and Internet connection as your ReadyNAS system. If your computer does not have Internet access, install and run the RAIDar utility instead. RAIDar is on the resource CD that came with your system.	1
How do i discover my readynas?	No. D1500 does not support function such as parental control, QoS, and etc. So, these functions will not work on the Desktop genie. However, some basic functions such as changing SSID/password will still work.	0
How do i discover my readynas?	The R8500 has three sets of antennas. For the 2.4GHz band, the antennas are 2 dbi. The external 5GHz antennas are 1 dbi while the internal 5GHz antennas are 3 dbi.	0
How do i discover my readynas?	No, ASP150W cannot be used in other M4300 models.	0
How do i discover my readynas?	16K.	0
How do i discover my readynas?	C7000 USB2.0 supports USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 storage and printer devices.	0
How do i enable 'fastlane'?	* Go to BASIC>FastLane page	1
How do i enable 'fastlane'?	Cable modems offer Internet access at speeds up to 100 times faster than a traditional phone modem. You can experience speeds of over 1,000 Kbps. Due to network condition such as traffic volume and the speed of the sites you visit, actual speed may vary. Many network and other factors can affect download speeds. Please check with service provider to check for actual speed offered.	0
How do i enable 'fastlane'?	LTE (Long Term Evolution) is the next generation of wireless which uses an IP (Internet Protocol) based infrastructure. LTE will help enable Wireless Services to continue to meet increasing customer demands for a higher bandwidth, low latency service that works broadly in the United States and globally. Also, a majority of carriers around the world have chosen LTE as their long term direction. This will help Wireless meet consumer demand for mobilizing the many applications consumers frequently use when tethered to high-bandwidth wired networks.	0
How do i enable 'fastlane'?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
How do i enable 'fastlane'?	Even though the CMD31T is a DOCSIS 3.0 certified cable modem, it is also backwards compatible with DOCSIS 2.0.	0
How do i enable 'fastlane'?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
How do i get 802.11ac wi-fi speeds with the r6300 wi-fi router?	R6300 Wi-Fi router is backward compatible with 802.11 a/b/g and n, so will work with the current Wi-Fi devices in your home, if you have a laptop with 802.11n Wi-Fi it will connect at 802.11n speeds with the 802.11ac R6300 router. To take advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	1
How do i get 802.11ac wi-fi speeds with the r6300 wi-fi router?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today :	0
How do i get 802.11ac wi-fi speeds with the r6300 wi-fi router?	The DGN3500 has internal antennas adjusted to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
How do i get 802.11ac wi-fi speeds with the r6300 wi-fi router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i get 802.11ac wi-fi speeds with the r6300 wi-fi router?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101v2, XAV2001 and XAV1004. It is not compatible with XET1001, XE104, XE102 or HDX101.	0
How do i get 802.11ac wi-fi speeds with the r6300 wi-fi router?	DGND3700 product is the most powerful and full featured DSL router compared to any DSL wireless router in the market today. With a Dual core processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
How do i get files onto the hard drive?	You can copy files from a USB drive using the Hard Drive Tools menu. Also, the Media and EVAData directories will show up as shared drives which you can copy to/from. Files which you copy to the hard drive should show up in the media list when they are done copying, however this feature is not yet fully functional.	1
How do i get files onto the hard drive?	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
How do i get files onto the hard drive?	* Manually power off or configure to use a smaller Wi-Fi range within the advanced settings.	0
How do i get files onto the hard drive?	A6100 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6100 and connect to 5GHz. A6100 provides beamforming feature and also uses 802.11ac that can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
How do i get files onto the hard drive?	C7000 has SIP ALG enabled by default. Some of the new SIP applications may not work well with SIP ALG enabled. Please disable SIP ALG from Advanced > Setup > WAN Setup and check “disable SIP ALG”.	0
How do i get files onto the hard drive?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100?	Some approaches may help you to get a higher link rate and throughput in your environment:	1
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100?	The Ethernet port provides high speed internet connection to any device plugged into it. It can be used with a PC, laptop, printer, gaming system, etc. It can even be used as the internet connection to another switch or router with multiple ports as either the primary or fall back internet connection. I.e. the router can have a primary DSL connection, but when that isn’t available, the router can use the cradle + hotspot as the internet connection.	0
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100?	The password can be restored with the Factory Defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100?	The message is popping up due to an error in how the AT&T Unite Pro (AC781S) is recognizing the cradle. Simply dismiss the message and the device will work exactly as you expect.	0
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100?	1. Physically connect the USB hard drive to your Mac	0
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100?	The NeoTV PRIME is running a high performance CPU which causes more heat to be generated while streaming video. This is a normal part of its operation, and the unit has passed all the required thermal testing.	0
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100m?	Some approaches may help you to get a higher link rate and throughput in your environment:	1
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100m?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100m?	WNHDE111 uses high performance 6 internal MetaMaterial antennas to be able to stream HD video seamlessly even in harsh wireless environments. It uses the 5 GHz band which is relatively interference free. It uses Smart Antenna technology to listen and adapt to the wireless environment. It also has an enhanced level of Quality of Service (QOS) for jitter-free Video Streaming and lag-free video gaming.	0
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100m?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 65Mbps or 150Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100m?	The XAVB5602 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site, if any.	0
How do i get higher link rate and throughput when using wna3100m?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
How do i get my license key?	When a license is purchased, it can be in one of three forms:	1
How do i get my license key?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	0
How do i get my license key?	"XAU2511 have one USB port and it can support ""ReadySHARE AirMusic"", ""ReadySHARE Music"", ""ReadySHARE Printer"" and ""ReadySHARE Storage"" feature."	0
How do i get my license key?	That means  NIGHTHAWK X4 R7500 ROUTER does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. If you plug USB storage before router power on, please re-test again, but this time please plug USB storage after router is system ready (Power LED is in white color), and see if it works.	0
How do i get my license key?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network. HDX101, HDXB101, HDXB111 – 15 nodes	0
How do i get my license key?	Yes. R6200 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
How do i get the best performance from my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	Follow these tips to get the best performance from your range extender:	1
How do i get the best performance from my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	Smart Connect balances your 5 GHz WiFi connections into two different radio bands: the 5 GHz radio 1 band and the 5 GHz radio 2 band. The router uses Smart Connect to choose the best radio band for your device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
How do i get the best performance from my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
How do i get the best performance from my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	Yes, the GS316 supports Port Auto-Negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	0
How do i get the best performance from my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i get the best performance from my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	If you use 11ac wireless devices to connect with R6200, the maximum connection	0
How do i get the best signal from my remote?	Aim the remote at the front of the NeoTV 350.	1
How do i get the best signal from my remote?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
How do i get the best signal from my remote?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
How do i get the best signal from my remote?	When you start the installation R7300DST through genie, be sure to plug the DST6501 into the wall power outlet. This ensures the DST network between the R7300 and DST6501 is connected successfully.	0
How do i get the best signal from my remote?	Because data traffic routed through the Extender network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing	0
How do i get the best signal from my remote?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
How do i get the latest firmware?	During installation via the Web genie, R6300 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	1
How do i get the latest firmware?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i get the latest firmware?	The best distance is within 12 feet (about 3 meters). Also, ensure the Push2TV is in a clear line of sight from the PC.	0
How do i get the latest firmware?	The power consumption is 9.49W	0
How do i get the latest firmware?	No, it supports both 1G and 10Gbps	0
How do i get the latest firmware?	Yes DGN3500 supports up to 4 SSID. Each SSID can configure to have different password	0
How do i install the dst6501 add-onn with r7300?	If this is first time installing the R7300 with the DST6501 add-on, power on the R7300 and DST6501 first, so they will all be connected by the default DST encryption key. You can then install them through NETGEAR genie.	1
How do i install the dst6501 add-onn with r7300?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, Broadcast Storm Filtering, LAG, loop detection and IEEE 802.3az Energy Efficient Ethernet (EEE).	0
How do i install the dst6501 add-onn with r7300?	In main GUI page, click in ‘settings’ icon and then click on ‘network’ to configure your network type. Before doing so, please make sure your current connection is disconnect; otherwise, the list will be gray out and you won’t be able to edit it until you disconnect the current connection. And without the SIM card inert in the dongle, you will not be able to change the default setting as well (gray-out)	0
How do i install the dst6501 add-onn with r7300?	NETGEAR Beamforming+ includes standard based Beamforming implementation as defined by the current 802.11ac standard, the + refers to NETGEAR's implementation of driver level improvements done for improved Wi-Fi performance and range.	0
How do i install the dst6501 add-onn with r7300?	The Ethernet port provides high speed internet connection to any device plugged into it. It can be used with a PC, laptop, printer, gaming system, etc. It can even be used as the internet connection to another switch or router with multiple ports as either the primary or fall back internet connection. I.e. the router can have a primary DSL connection, but when that isn’t available, the router can use the cradle + hotspot as the internet connection.	0
How do i install the dst6501 add-onn with r7300?	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	0
How do i install the r6200v2 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	The R6200v2 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6200v2 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	1
How do i install the r6200v2 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	Launch the Wireless Configuration Utility by clicking on the icon in your OS notifications area. Select your network and click Connect.	0
How do i install the r6200v2 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	No. Only drives purchased from NETGEAR can be used in RDD516. These drives have been extensively tested to guarantee best quality. Spare drives can be purchased from NETGEAR in case of disk failure.	0
How do i install the r6200v2 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i install the r6200v2 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	No, PL1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible with HomePlug AV1.0.	0
How do i install the r6200v2 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	ReadyNAS Vault comes pre-installed on most ReadyNAS models running RAIDiator 4.2, RAIDiator 5.3, or ReadyNAS OS 6. If you are unable to determine if your model is supported, please visit [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started) or contact us via [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/requests/new](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).	0
How do i install the r6250 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	Please use any NETGEAR 11ac WIFI router like R6300/R6250/R6200/D6200 on the other end and install it in bridge mode to setup an 11ac WIFI connection. Please follow the instructions to setup R6300/R6200 in bridge mode: [How to setup Bridge mode on R6300?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/20831)	1
How do i install the r6250 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	By default, the R7300 device and DST6501 use the same DST encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
How do i install the r6250 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
How do i install the r6250 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	The XAVB5001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site	0
How do i install the r6250 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	NETGEAR recommends using up to 8 power line devices.	0
How do i install the r6250 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
How do i install the r6300 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	The R6300 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6300 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	1
How do i install the r6300 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	It might be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply. The Nighthawk might not be able to supply the power requirement of this enclosure due to its multiple drives.	0
How do i install the r6300 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	Yes, ReadyDATA has 16GB of RAM rather than 4GB.	0
How do i install the r6300 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	 You can only use HDMI for the PTV3000.	0
How do i install the r6300 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	Under ideal conditions, MCA1001v2 adapters have a data rate of up to 175 Mbps. The effective data rate is somewhat lower. Consequently, a 100-Mbps network adapter is adequate in most cases.	0
How do i install the r6300 in bridge mode to connect various devices at 802.11ac speeds?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting XE103s to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
How do i install/configure my netgear wireless adapter?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation and you need to stop it before installing the adapter.	1
How do i install/configure my netgear wireless adapter?	There are two radios built into the DGND3300(B), one transmitting at 2.4GHz for 802.11g/802.11b and one for transmitting at 5GHz/2.4GHz for 802.11a/802.11n.	0
How do i install/configure my netgear wireless adapter?	"Yes. Use the Windows key + P shortcut to select ""extend mode"". You must position the application you want to watch on the TV to the extended display (e.g. drag Windows Media Player past the right edge of the screen until it appears on your TV)."	0
How do i install/configure my netgear wireless adapter?	During installation via the browser based genie, the Nighthawk WiFi Router looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on the web site every time you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing the genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alert when new firmware is available.	0
How do i install/configure my netgear wireless adapter?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How do i install/configure my netgear wireless adapter?	No, the CMD31T does not have wireless capabilities. You will need to connect a wireless router to the CMD31T. This device is a stand-alone cable modem.	0
How do i install/configure the a6100?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	1
How do i install/configure the a6100?	 POWER                  Solid Green: Power is supplied to the router.                                                                                                                                                                                              Solid Red: POST (Power-On Self-Test) failure or device malfunction                                                                        Off: No power is supplied to the router	0
How do i install/configure the a6100?	For each XAVB2001 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
How do i install/configure the a6100?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
How do i install/configure the a6100?	WPS supports WPA/WPA2 security, if your Router is using WEP security you will need to walk through the Extender Genie setup.	0
How do i install/configure the a6100?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5601 Configuration utility.	0
How do i install/configure the a6200?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	1
How do i install/configure the a6200?	Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays Error 101 error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears.	0
How do i install/configure the a6200?	WNDAP350 has inbuilt 6dbi Omni-directional monopole antennas under the black plastic cover. However if user wants to use higher gain directional antennas to establish wireless bridging, they can use the optional takeoffs provided at the rear. The optional external antenna is only for 2.4GHz. if the user wishes to use external antennas they should select external antenna from the Radio page on the system UI and also adjust the Transmit power to stay within the countryâ€™s regulatory limits.	0
How do i install/configure the a6200?	If you do not own a ReadyCLOUD-enabled device, you must follow these steps:	0
How do i install/configure the a6200?	* WNDRMAC only support “GUID Partition Table” and “Master Boot Record” in partition table format. It does not support “Apple Partition Map” format. Work-around: Changepartion map to Master Boot record.	0
How do i install/configure the a6200?	This means that you are too far from the client or the router/gateway.	0
How do i install/configure the a6210?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8’s AutoConfig (XP’s Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation. We know that Avast Free 2014.9.0.2008 will block the installation and you need to stop it before installing A6210. Newer version Avast Free can fix this. If you have problem installing A6210, we suggest you uninstall or stop the antivirus to help trouble shooting first.	1
How do i install/configure the a6210?	Yes, using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. However, the overall throughput is shared by the multiple networks.	0
How do i install/configure the a6210?	You must buy 3x3 dual band wireless adapter or 450Mbps dual band wireless adapter like NETGEAR WNDA4100 or Centrino 6300, Centrino 5300, etc. Then you must be close to the router and toward the router to see the max. link rate 450Mbps.	0
How do i install/configure the a6210?	The XAV5004 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected.	0
How do i install/configure the a6210?	The  PL1000 ADAPTER needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The  PLW1000 will work with a  WIRED OR WIRELESS type of router.	0
How do i install/configure the a6210?	* 16 copper 10/100/1000Mbps RJ-45 Ethernet ports	0
How do i install/configure the wna3100?	The resource CD that comes with the product will provide a step-by-step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard utility (or Windows Zero Config, Vista’s Auto Config, Windows 7 WCN) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instruction on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide or User Reference manual on NETGEAR web site for more information.	1
How do i install/configure the wna3100?	WNDR3400v3 has 1 USB 2.0 port.	0
How do i install/configure the wna3100?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
How do i install/configure the wna3100?	Any SATA hard drive should work. If you have one available, please test and let us know the model number (shown on screen in the Hard drive info screen).	0
How do i install/configure the wna3100?	There are some approaches.	0
How do i install/configure the wna3100?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
How do i install/configure the wna3100m?	The resource CD that comes with the product will provide a step-by-step instruction on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard utility (or Windows Zero Config, Vista’s Auto Config, Windows 7 WCN) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instruction on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide or User Reference Manual on NETGEAR web site for more information.	1
How do i install/configure the wna3100m?	"* ""ReadyNAS storage system"". To continue to use ReadyCLOUD after this change, you must install OS 6.5.0 or later on your ReadyNAS storage system."	0
How do i install/configure the wna3100m?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 Mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
How do i install/configure the wna3100m?	Please go to genie GUI, select “ADVANCED” tab, then select “Setup” -> “WAN Setup”, From the right panel, check the “Default DMZ Server” box and fill in the VoIP phone IP address, then click on “Apply” button to activate it.	0
How do i install/configure the wna3100m?	The D1500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
How do i install/configure the wna3100m?	External antennas are sold separately. Please check [http://www.netgear.com/service-providers/products/mobile/mobile-hotspots/mimo-antenna.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/service-providers/products/mobile/mobile-hotspots/mimo-antenna.aspx)	0
How do i install/configure the wnda 4 100?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7’s AutoConfig (XP’s Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	1
How do i install/configure the wnda 4 100?	 No. The only change you can apply to the extender is its SSID.	0
How do i install/configure the wnda 4 100?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i install/configure the wnda 4 100?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i install/configure the wnda 4 100?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	0
How do i install/configure the wnda 4 100?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
How do i install/configure the wnda3100v2?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard utility or Windows Zero Configuration (Vista’s AutoConfig) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide or User Reference manual on the Resource CD for more information.	1
How do i install/configure the wnda3100v2?	No, the WNR2000v4 still uses the same 100Mbps connection just like its predecessor.	0
How do i install/configure the wnda3100v2?	The frequencies used by XAVB5501 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	0
How do i install/configure the wnda3100v2?	During the installation process (via the web genie interface), the router accesses the NETGEAR web site for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the router user interface also supports auto firmware upgrade. Auto upgrade will check for the latest firmware on the NETGEAR web site every time you log into the router.	0
How do i install/configure the wnda3100v2?	Please check whether you have a DECT cordless phone. If so, please make sure its base station is not within 3 feet (1 meter) of the router, otherwise, their signals will get mixed and you’ll experience connection issues to the router.	0
How do i install/configure the wnda3100v2?	This is a ProSAFE 8-port 10-Gigabit Ethernet Web Managed Switch. It supports eight 100/1000/10000 Mbps RJ45 ports with one combo port supporting 10 Gigabit SFP+ fiber.	0
How do i know if the two wnhde111s are connected successfully?	First, look at the power LED on the front panel of the devices. Both units should be lit solid green or fast blinking. If the bridge side is not connected to the AP, the bridge unit will blink 3 times and repeat that pattern. Once the bridge LED shows connected to AP, you can use the “Config Assistant” tool to find all WNHDE111 devices that are connected in the network. If you bought a bundle, they should connect with each other out of box after plugging one to the router. If the two devices do not connect to each other, press the WPS button on both units (within 2 minutes of the first press), they should connect to each other in a few minutes.	1
How do i know if the two wnhde111s are connected successfully?	It’s an upgrade to unmanaged switch which can only Plug-N-Play, and is not configurable. ProSAFE Plus switch gives user the flexibility to configure certain static layer 2 settings to better fit their needs.	0
How do i know if the two wnhde111s are connected successfully?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
How do i know if the two wnhde111s are connected successfully?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
How do i know if the two wnhde111s are connected successfully?	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
How do i know if the two wnhde111s are connected successfully?	Please connect to WN31000RPT through wired, and login at [http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net), and check the wireless setting page. If you still cannot access WN31000RP, please reset WN31000RP back to factory default.	0
How do i know if there is a loop with the connection?	XS708Ev2 supports loop detection (not prevention). When a loop is detected, both LEDs on the affected ports will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second. Loop detection is user configurable and it is disabled by default.	1
How do i know if there is a loop with the connection?	720p and 1080i.	0
How do i know if there is a loop with the connection?	The ADSL throughput is comparable. The WiFi throughput is comparable, and the number of WiFi devices that can be connected is comparable. The difference is in the number Ethernet ports that are available. Furthermore, the D500 does not have USB port, as does DGN2200.	0
How do i know if there is a loop with the connection?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV5001 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
How do i know if there is a loop with the connection?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i know if there is a loop with the connection?	FS105 is an unmanaged switch with five 10/100Mbps ports in a metal case and v3 means Version 3.	0
How do i know that the cable router is online? what light status can i check in terms of the leds, and also on the gui?	"If the online LED on the front panel is lit, it means that the cable router is online. You can also check the online status with a browser in the routers GUI by logging in to [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) Check the Status of Network Access.  ""ALLOWED"" means the cable router is online."	1
How do i know that the cable router is online? what light status can i check in terms of the leds, and also on the gui?	NETGEAR publishes the open source code on the web site see [NETGEAR open source code for programmers (GPL)](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/2649)	0
How do i know that the cable router is online? what light status can i check in terms of the leds, and also on the gui?	DGN2200v4 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
How do i know that the cable router is online? what light status can i check in terms of the leds, and also on the gui?	Due to security concerns with WDS, the R8500 does not support this feature.	0
How do i know that the cable router is online? what light status can i check in terms of the leds, and also on the gui?	The M6100 series is covered under NETGEAR Lifetime Warranty and it includes:	0
How do i know that the cable router is online? what light status can i check in terms of the leds, and also on the gui?	Yes, it will continue to improve the device’s antenna performance. However it will not charge the device and the Ethernet connection will not work.	0
How do i know the power status of this switch from led?	* The device has one power LED.	1
How do i know the power status of this switch from led?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i know the power status of this switch from led?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5101 Configuration utility.	0
How do i know the power status of this switch from led?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an airplay device ready, such as Apple TV or airplay ready receivers.	0
How do i know the power status of this switch from led?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i know the power status of this switch from led?	Please connect to EX2700 through wired, and login at http://www.mywifiext.net, and check the wireless setting page.If you still cannot access the extender, please reset it back to factory default.	0
How do i know the power status of this switch from the led?	The device has one power LED:	1
How do i know the power status of this switch from the led?	The SSID and the wireless password are printed at the bottom of the router.	0
How do i know the power status of this switch from the led?	The EX7300/EX6400 can extend any existing wireless network. We suggest you connect to the 5GHz network when available, but any wireless router you have should work.	0
How do i know the power status of this switch from the led?	Yes, it is possible. There are no conflicts with that kind of setup.	0
How do i know the power status of this switch from the led?	Type in http://192.168.0.1/ in an Internet browser on a PC or Mac connected to one of the device’s 4 Ethernet ports, or connected via Wireless to the device. The URL is the factory default settings. If you change this IP setting in GUI page “LAN IP”, please record your change so that you would know the IP to access GUI page. In case, you forgot your change, you can reset the unit to factory default settings, and then access GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
How do i know the power status of this switch from the led?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i know the status of each port from led?	When the link is at 10000Mbps, left LED is Green, right LED is off.	1
How do i know the status of each port from led?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	0
How do i know the status of each port from led?	DFS stands for Dynamic Frequency Selection and in order for any wireless device operating at DFS channels; the device must apply a special regulatory certification. WNDA3100v2 passed the DFS certification at various regions WW, except North America. Therefore, please configure your 5GHz router running at non-DFS channel(s) if you are in North America region. You could refer to the product label of you WNDA3100v2, if the FCC ID is PY308300091, your device can not operate DFS channel(s) in North America. As for other regions (such Europe), WNDA3100v2 can detect wireless 5GHz routers running at DFS channels. The non-DFS channels for US are Channel 36-48 and Channel 149-161. The non-DFS channels for Europe are Channel 36 to Channel 48.	0
How do i know the status of each port from led?	The power consumption of XAVB6504 is 4.2 Watts in 110V AC and 5.0 Watts in 240V AC.	0
How do i know the status of each port from led?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i know the status of each port from led?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i know the status of each port from the leds?	Each Ethernet port has two LEDs located on the top of the port jack.	1
How do i know the status of each port from the leds?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter and click Properties.	0
How do i know the status of each port from the leds?	 You can only use HDMI for the PTV3000.	0
How do i know the status of each port from the leds?	Solid Green                        Powered on and ready for use	0
How do i know the status of each port from the leds?	[Official 6.4.1](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30110)	0
How do i know the status of each port from the leds?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i know what ip address the unit has?	There is a discovery tool called “Config Assistant” in the product CD (you can also download it from the NETGEAR support site). Run this tool from the PC behind the bridge, or a pc behind the router the bridge is connected to, and it will find the WNHDE111 bridges (with their IP addresses) in the network for you. It’s recommended to make a copy of this tool on your PC’s desktop.	1
How do i know what ip address the unit has?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes in amber.	0
How do i know what ip address the unit has?	Type in http://192.168.0.1/ in an Internet browser on a PC or MAC connected to one of the device’s 4 Ethernet ports, or connected via Wireless to the device. The URL is the factory default settings. If you change this IP setting in GUI page “LAN IP”, please record your change so that you would know the IP to access GUI page. In case, you forgot your change, you can reset the unit to factory default settings, and then access GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
How do i know what ip address the unit has?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 130Mbps support the draft 802.11N specification and use 20MHz and 40MHz frequency, respectively. Up to 130Mbps will provide the maximum performance in most cases. For maximum wireless throughput, use the RANGEMAX NEXT wireless notebook adapter WN111v2.	0
How do i know what ip address the unit has?	Yes, WPN824N is workable under Mac OS, and you may access Internet without problem via browser Safari 1.4 higher version.	0
How do i know what ip address the unit has?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How do i limit data usage?	Be aware that most devices will treat the AC785 as an unlimited Wi-Fi internet connection and you can limit the amount of data usage your AC785 uses by doing the following:	1
How do i limit data usage?	If you are connecting to the 5 GHz network, Intel Wireless Display will work only with Wireless WiFi Software version 14.0 or newer. Intel Wireless Display is compatible with any 2.4 GHz WiFi Router. If your router supports both 2.4 and 5 GHz, and you are using an earlier software version, connect the laptop to the 2.4 GHz wireless network.	0
How do i limit data usage?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601, XAV1401, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
How do i limit data usage?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV5201 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
How do i limit data usage?	No, your D6000 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
How do i limit data usage?	"You can use a web browser and type the URL: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) the login name is ""admin"" (without the double quotes) and the password is ""password"" (without the double quotes)."	0
How do i log into my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	For detailed instructions on Nighthawk Tri-band extender log in, see [How to log into the Nighthawk Tri-Band WiFi Range Extender](https://kb.netgear.com/000044735/How-to-log-into-the-Nighthawk-Tri-Band-WiFi-Range-Extender).	1
How do i log into my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate Wi-Fi networks simultaneously using both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated Wi-Fi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
How do i log into my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router’s USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly.	0
How do i log into my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	* Move WN31000RP closer to your router.	0
How do i log into my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	WNHDB3004 is the highest performing Wireless gear in the market in terms of reliability of streaming 1080P streams over WiFi in a large single family home.	0
How do i log into my nighthawk tri-band wifi range extender?	XAVB1004 is a bundle that includes one XAV1004 unit and one XAV101 unit.	0
How do i log into my router?	1. Connect a computer to the NETGEAR router and launch a web browser.	1
How do i log into my router?	DST is an acronym for Dead Spot Terminator. DST is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via electrical wiring in your home. The standard is called HomePlug AV (HPAV2).	0
How do i log into my router?	The EX7300/EX6400 can extend any existing wireless network. We suggest you connect to the 5GHz network when available, but any wireless router you have should work.	0
How do i log into my router?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
How do i log into my router?	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	0
How do i log into my router?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
How do i login and access the web gui of the n450?	Under the default settings of the N450, open your browser (IE/Chrome/Firefox/Safari) and enter the URL [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) to access GUI. The default account is admin/password.	1
How do i login and access the web gui of the n450?	Yes, NETGEAR PVSTP / PVRSTP and Cisco® PVST+ / RPVST+ are interoperable.	0
How do i login and access the web gui of the n450?	Yes. Please download the Desktop genie from here:	0
How do i login and access the web gui of the n450?	HomePlug 1.0 specification allows for speeds up to 14 Mbit/s. HomePlug AV specification allows for speeds up to 200 Mbits/s, with some Homeplug AV devices using a proprietary extension increasing this to 500 Mbits/s. Also HomePlug AV powerline networks can exist in the same household as a HomePlug 1.0 powerline network, but they cannot communicate with each other.	0
How do i login and access the web gui of the n450?	Port-based QOS, a unique feature of the XAV1004 and XAVB1004, allows a user to prioritize specific applications by simply plugging a device into a color-coded port on the back of the product. This way, a user can ensure that his gaming console or HD movies always receive unconstrained bandwidth, even when other devices are attempting to transmit data over the shared powerline networking.	0
How do i login and access the web gui of the n450?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA3100v2.	0
How do i manually upgrade the r6100 wifi router's firmware?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform the firmware upgrade with a ""WIRED"" or Ethernet connection only."	1
How do i manually upgrade the r6100 wifi router's firmware?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
How do i manually upgrade the r6100 wifi router's firmware?	No. Universal WiFi Range Extender is designed to work as an AP/client bridge, not an access point. The proper usage of the product is to wirelessly connect the Extender to the existing router—in this case, the Extender functions as a client. On the other end, wirelessly connect the Extender to the PC—in this case, the Extender functions as an access point.	0
How do i manually upgrade the r6100 wifi router's firmware?	It's an upgrade from unmanaged switch which can only be Plug-N-Play, and is not configurable. ProSAFE Plus switch gives user the flexibility to configure certain static layer 2 settings for more visibility, better reliability and improved network performance.	0
How do i manually upgrade the r6100 wifi router's firmware?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the extender. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address through EX6120 or EX6000. To allow this wireless device to access the internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router. To get the translated MAC address:	0
How do i manually upgrade the r6100 wifi router's firmware?	Yes, the XAVB5101 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
How do i monitor my network device bandwidth usage and application bandwidth usage?	Dynamic QoS service can only detect your device if Dynamic QoS is enabled, and you are generating traffic on your network devices. You can monitor them through  ATTACHED DEVICES page.	1
How do i monitor my network device bandwidth usage and application bandwidth usage?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
How do i monitor my network device bandwidth usage and application bandwidth usage?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i monitor my network device bandwidth usage and application bandwidth usage?	The power consumption of XAV5201 is 2.4 Watts.	0
How do i monitor my network device bandwidth usage and application bandwidth usage?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i monitor my network device bandwidth usage and application bandwidth usage?	First, make sure your computer is on DHCP. Second, make sure the PC to WiFi Booster status LED is green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, re-launch the browser and enter [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.COM](http://www.mywifiext.com). If your PC has ipv6 enabled, please disable it during installation.	0
How do i move the eva8000 data save location?	The EVA8000 uses a network share or USB drive to store some of its settings. This location is user definable and is normally configured during setup. This location can be changed to a different location at any time by choosing the following from the Home menu:  MORE >  SUPERVISOR FUNCTIONS >  ADVANCED SETTINGS >  MEDIA LIBRARY MANAGEMENT >  DATA SAVE LOCATION.	1
How do i move the eva8000 data save location?	a. Virus and spam definitions are constantly updated by NETGEAR ProSECURE Labs employees and your appliance will update itself on an hourly basis by default.	0
How do i move the eva8000 data save location?	"If the online LED on the front panel is lit, it means that the cable router is online. You can also check the online status with a browser in the routers GUI by logging in to [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) Check the Status of Network Access.  ""ALLOWED"" means the cable router is online."	0
How do i move the eva8000 data save location?	* XS708E can only be configured using ProSAFE Plus Utility. XS708Ev2 supports both Plus Utility and Web browser for remote access.	0
How do i move the eva8000 data save location?	No, The XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 are not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
How do i move the eva8000 data save location?	If you forget your user name and password, run the resource CD and use the Reset tool to reset your login information.	0
How do i move the eva9000 data save location?	The EVA9000 uses the internal hard drive, a network share or USB drive to store some of its settings. This location is user definable and is normally configured during setup. This location can be changed to a different location at any time by choosing the following from the Home menu: More > Supervisor functions > Advanced settings > Media library management > Data save location.	1
How do i move the eva9000 data save location?	XS708Ev2 supports loop detection (not prevention). When a loop is detected, both LEDs on the affected ports will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second. Loop detection is user configurable and it is disabled by default.	0
How do i move the eva9000 data save location?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
How do i move the eva9000 data save location?	The WNA3100M is a single band USB adapter that complies with the official 802.11n 2.0 specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz frequency and works with 802.11b/g, and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNA3100M is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 300Mbps with 11n HT40 supporting wireless routers and access points. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop.	0
How do i move the eva9000 data save location?	Yes, there's a USB port on the back of the R6220; it's a USB 2.0 port. You can use this USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready Share printer.	0
How do i move the eva9000 data save location?	 You can only use HDMI for the PTV3000.	0
How do i place the a6210?	The antenna design is best for A6210 while it opens with 90o when directly plugged into computer or 158 o with cradle. This can have the best performance.	1
How do i place the a6210?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the extender. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address through EX6120 or EX6000. To allow this wireless device to access the internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router. To get the translated MAC address:	0
How do i place the a6210?	"For homes where electrical outlets are at a premium, we recommend to use ""Pass Thru"" powerline products. The Pass Thru products have a built in power outlet. XAVB2501, XAVB1501, and XAVB5501 are examples of Pass Thru products."	0
How do i place the a6210?	The factory reset button is located next to the Ethernet port of the CMD31T. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 5-10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
How do i place the a6210?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product .	0
How do i place the a6210?	"Launch web browser to login GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	0
How do i protect and restore my data?	NETGEAR's Stora includes two hard drive bays. You can set up the second hard drive to mirror your data, making backup and restoration simple. The Stora can use Raid which is a technology that introduce disks redundancy. If your Stora is configured to use Raid 1 or Mirror, the mirrored drive will guarantee data access if the one disk fails.	1
How do i protect and restore my data?	Type in http://192.168.0.1/ in an Internet browser on a PC or MAC connected to one of the device’s 4 Ethernet ports, or connected via Wireless to the device. The URL is the factory default settings. If you change this IP setting in GUI page “LAN IP”, please record your change so that you would know the IP to access GUI page. In case, you forgot your change, you can reset the unit to factory default settings, and then access GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
How do i protect and restore my data?	* For each XAVB5501 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
How do i protect and restore my data?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
How do i protect and restore my data?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 300Mbps link rate.	0
How do i protect and restore my data?	It is an acronym of Just a Bunch of Disks. There is no Raid configured and the user will utilize the disk as they were single disks.	0
How do i recover the administrator password for my readynas?	You can reset your ReadyNAS Admin password by accessing  HTTP://IP_ADDRESS_OF_READYNAS/PASSWORD_RECOVERY. If you have forgotten the password recovery answer, you will need to perform a firmware re-installation to reset the admin password by accessing boot menu.	1
How do i recover the administrator password for my readynas?	Wireless networks are often congested with interference from neighboring Wi-Fi routers, as well as from other household appliances. The ClearChannel Selector feature on your router automatically scans for the clearest and fastest available channels, dynamically avoiding busy Wi-Fi channels. ClearChannel Selector is enabled by default on your WNDR3800 router. You can select the sensitivity level for the ClearChannel Selector. Sensitivity level settings are High, Medium (the default setting), and Low. If you change the setting to High, your wireless channel may switch channels frequently, or occasionally disconnect.	0
How do i recover the administrator password for my readynas?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i recover the administrator password for my readynas?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router. WiFi Booster does not use WPS protocol to connect to your router.	0
How do i recover the administrator password for my readynas?	Yes. The XWN5001 adapter supports power saving mode function. By default the power saving mode function of XWN5001 WiFi AP is disabled.	0
How do i recover the administrator password for my readynas?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
How do i reset my router to factory default?	To reset your router to factory defaults, see [Restoring a NETGEAR home router to the factory default settings](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/9665)	1
How do i reset my router to factory default?	The D7800 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
How do i reset my router to factory default?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some service providers require that you subscribe to a basic TV service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
How do i reset my router to factory default?	VDSL is Very high bit-rate DSL and is compliant with ITU G.993.1 (VDSL) and G.993.2 (VDSL2). The maximum Downstream/Upstream speed for VDSL2 is 100Mbps/100Mbps. ADSL is Asymmetric DSL which is compliant with G.992.x and has a slower and asymmetric maximum Downstream/Upstream speed of 24Mbps/1Mbps.	0
How do i reset my router to factory default?	Please check whether you have a DECT cordless phone. If so, please make sure its base station is not within 3 feet (1 meter) of the router, otherwise, their signals will get mixed and you’ll experience connection issues to the router.	0
How do i reset my router to factory default?	"For homes where electrical outlets are at a premium, we recommend to use ""Pass Thru"" powerline products. The Pass Thru products have a built in power outlet. XAVB2501, XAVB1501, and XAVB5501 are examples of Pass Thru products."	0
How do i reset my user name and password?	If you forget your user name and password, run the resource CD and use the Reset tool to reset your login information.	1
How do i reset my user name and password?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
How do i reset my user name and password?	WNCE4004 supports connection of up to 4 Ethernet enabled devices at WiFi speed of 450Mbps on the 2.4GHz band or 450Mbps on the 5GHz band.	0
How do i reset my user name and password?	 STEP 1: Physically connect the USB hard drive to your Mac.	0
How do i reset my user name and password?	It depends on the mode you have selected. The extender is designed to connect wirelessly to the router in “Extender” mode and to connect with an Ethernet cable to the router in “Access Point” mode.	0
How do i reset my user name and password?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i reset the modem to its factory default settings?	"1. Locate the ""Reset"" button on the rear panel of the modem."	1
How do i reset the modem to its factory default settings?	AirCard 785 is unlocked for use with networks worldwide; the AirCard 785 supports the following 4G/LTE networks with the following frequency bands 800/900/1800/2100/2600 MHz in EU, parts of Southeast Asia and 3G networks with following frequency bands 850/900/1900/2100 MHz worldwide.	0
How do i reset the modem to its factory default settings?	This model does not have the option to change its mode to modem only.	0
How do i reset the modem to its factory default settings?	The D500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
How do i reset the modem to its factory default settings?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WPN824N, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network.	0
How do i reset the modem to its factory default settings?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
How do i reset the modem?	Press and hold reset button on the rear panel of the modem (there is a small hole on the right side of the ADSL connector, use a pointed object) for 1 second to reset the modem.	1
How do i reset the modem?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i reset the modem?	You can use the following to log in:	0
How do i reset the modem?	A6100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
How do i reset the modem?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i reset the modem?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
How do i reset the router to factory defaults ?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default settings as indicated by flashing Power LED (see above LED behavior for details).	1
How do i reset the router to factory defaults ?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use.	0
How do i reset the router to factory defaults ?	D500 provides a simplified version of repeater function. It connects to its uplink router like a client connects to a router. Below are the steps:	0
How do i reset the router to factory defaults ?	Time Machine is in Mac OS X v10.5 and Mac OS X 10.6 or later software that allows Mac users to backup and restore of their computer. It can keep hourly backups for the past 24 hours, daily backups for the past month, and weekly backups until your backup drive is full. The OS only updates things that have changed so the amount of space taken up is minimized.	0
How do i reset the router to factory defaults ?	No.	0
How do i reset the router to factory defaults ?	NETGEAR WPN824N uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We suggest users to let the device stand up or lie down to achieve the best range and performance suitable in your house.	0
How do i reset the unit to factory default settings?	The factory reset button is located on the bottom of the unit. First, locate the small hole close to the screw. The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 5 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	1
How do i reset the unit to factory default settings?	The two USB ports are only for charging devices like tablets and mobile phones. Maximum 10W can be provided with a single port and maximum 15W between the two.	0
How do i reset the unit to factory default settings?	PTV3000 supports any android version for the Galaxy S4. Please see this [article](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23928)	0
How do i reset the unit to factory default settings?	The default wireless mode on DGN3500 is Up to 270Mbps.	0
How do i reset the unit to factory default settings?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to Airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an Airplay device ready, such as Apple TV or Airplay ready receivers.	0
How do i reset the unit to factory default settings?	Yes, the XAVB1101 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
How do i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	The factory reset button is located on the back panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole labeled “RESET”. The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 20 seconds till the front panel LED’s turn amber then off, to bring the unit back to its factory default settings.	1
How do i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	Yes! With the free remote access function and an Internet connection, you can access your Stora to view or stream content over any web enabled device anywhere in the world at anytime.	0
How do i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
How do i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	The  PL1000 ADAPTER needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The  PLW1000 will work with a  WIRED OR WIRELESS type of router.	0
How do i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	Stora is a comprehensive home network storage system that lets you store, share and protect music, movies, photos and data using any device on your home network and over the Internet.	0
How do i reset the unit to its factory settings?	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole (red circle) on the product label of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	1
How do i reset the unit to its factory settings?	You can use the following to log in:	0
How do i reset the unit to its factory settings?	If you want to connect a third device in your bedroom to the network, simply buy a WNHDE111 unit, push the WPS button on the unit connected to your router and within 2 min, push the WPS button on the new unit. The devices exchange all the SSID and security information automatically and get connected. WPS is based on a standard by WiFi Alliance and will be available in many client devices. WNHDE111 Push ’N’ Connect function is already WPS certified and works with other WPS certified APs or clients.	0
How do i reset the unit to its factory settings?	Yes, but there are some limitations. A Windows PC is required for the following functions: Watching or recording Live TV using a PC TV Tuner card; Watching YouTube Videos; Listening or Watching to DRM (Digital Rights Management) protected content.	0
How do i reset the unit to its factory settings?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
How do i reset the unit to its factory settings?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the extender. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address through EX6120 or EX6000. To allow this wireless device to access the internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router. To get the translated MAC address:	0
How do i restore my r7000 to the factory default settings?	"* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Restore Factory Settings"" button located on the rear panel of the router for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber."	1
How do i restore my r7000 to the factory default settings?	RN3138 eSATA ports are provided by Marvell PCIe SATA 3 controller 88SE9170. The eSATA device compatibility is therefore determined by Marvell controller.	0
How do i restore my r7000 to the factory default settings?	Beamforming is a radio wave technology that is written into the next generation IEEE Wi-Fi 802.11ac standard. This technology allows the beamformer (Router) to transmit radio signal in the direction of the beamformee (Client), thus creating a stronger, faster and more reliable wireless communication.	0
How do i restore my r7000 to the factory default settings?	Yes, the XAV101 does support Standby mode.	0
How do i restore my r7000 to the factory default settings?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
How do i restore my r7000 to the factory default settings?	The USB port allows user to download/upload switch firmware or configuration file using USB flash device. It is also used to recover the firmware image through the utility menu during boot up. It is more effective and easier than using XMODEM serial port protocol for file transfer.	0
How do i restore the factory default settings?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	1
How do i restore the factory default settings?	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XAV101 Configuration Utility to set QoS based on your environment setting.	0
How do i restore the factory default settings?	1. There are two main reasons that can cause a video to stutter or judder:	0
How do i restore the factory default settings?	WPS supports WPA/WPA2 security, if your Router is using WEP security you will need to walk through the Extender Genie setup.	0
How do i restore the factory default settings?	The WNDA4100 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNDA4100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 450Mbps in both bands. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and has a USB cradle that users can adjust the orientation to make a best connection quality with.	0
How do i restore the factory default settings?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
How do i restore the r6100 wifi router to its factory default settings?	Use the end of a paper clip or a similar object to press and hold the Reset button on the back of the router for at least seven seconds. The router resets, and return to the factory configuration settings.	1
How do i restore the r6100 wifi router to its factory default settings?	Please use any NETGEAR 11ac WIFI router like R6300 or R6200 on the other end and install it in bridge mode to setup an 11ac WIFI connection. Please follow the instructions to setup R6300/R6200 in bridge mode:	0
How do i restore the r6100 wifi router to its factory default settings?	No. You don't need to change anything on your router. WN31000RP does not use WPS protocol to connect to your router. If your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it, please follow the FAQ 13 to complete the installation.	0
How do i restore the r6100 wifi router to its factory default settings?	No, the router login username cannot be changed. Only the admin password can be changed.	0
How do i restore the r6100 wifi router to its factory default settings?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
How do i restore the r6100 wifi router to its factory default settings?	Press and hold reset button on the rear panel of the modem (there is a small hole on the right side of the ADSL connector, use a pointed object) for 1 second to reset the modem.	0
How do i restore to its factory default settings?	Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Internet LED turns to blinking amber. Release the Restore Factory Settings button, and wait for the router to reboot. The factory default settings are restored so that you can access the router from your Web browser using the factory defaults.	1
How do i restore to its factory default settings?	Many DVDs and Blu-ray Discs include copy protection mechanisms that prevent playback on Intel Wireless Display before software version v2.1.0.0.You also need a contain protection enable PC to playback on Intel Wireless Display.However, personal content that you have burned to a disc will work.	0
How do i restore to its factory default settings?	* For each XAV5201 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
How do i restore to its factory default settings?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
How do i restore to its factory default settings?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
How do i restore to its factory default settings?	UPOE (Universal Power over Ethernet) is not an IEEE standard: UPOE was brought to market by Cisco® but its physical and LLDP specifications have been used by third-parties for interoperability, for instance via UPOE LLDP TLV, an 802.3 organizationally specific TLV. To power a UPOE PD device, all four pairs are used to deliver up to 30W + 30W = 60W per RJ45 Gigabit port. More generally, UPOE can deliver any PSE wattage up to 60W per port, when PoE+ is limited to 30W PSE maximum. When a XCM8948 blade (48 x 1G RJ45) or XCM8944 blade (40 x 1G RJ45, 2 x SFP+, 2 x 10GBASE-T) is equipped with XCM89UP UPOE daughter card, it is backward compatible with standard PoE (15.4W) and PoE+ (30W). This means that any standard PoE (802.3af) or PoE+ (802.3at) PD device is powered without any specific configuration. NETGEAR M6100 chassis supports UPOE next-generation PD devices using UPOE LLDP TLV as the preferred method. M6100 chassis supports a second method for UPOE interoperability called forced 4-pair high power static method. A ‘PoE’ command must be issued in the CLI or the Web GUI to enable the forced 4-pair configuration. M6100 doesn’t support Cisco CDP power negotiation mechanisms and algorithms for inline power negotiation with UPOE PD devices.	0
How do i restrict my wnda3100 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	WNDA3100 can be configured to work at certain speed and certain frequency. The option is available via the NETGEAR Smart Wizard’s advance option on the network tab for the network adapter.	1
How do i restrict my wnda3100 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (WiFi Protected Setup) Push ‘N’ Connect button:	0
How do i restrict my wnda3100 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	Ethernet port aggregation only allow the device which supported and configured the 802.3ad link aggregation to connect to it. If connect to 2 ports to the regular switch, it will cause the network broadcast storm (looping). Please be aware of it.	0
How do i restrict my wnda3100 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	Yes, the XAV1004 does support Standby mode.	0
How do i restrict my wnda3100 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	Sometimes the spotlight channels do not work due to the channel partner having revised their web site. We will keep monitoring and improving the channels to minimize the effects of these changes.	0
How do i restrict my wnda3100 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3800 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
How do i restrict my wnda3100v2 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	WNDA3100v2 can be configured to work at certain speed and certain frequency. The option is available in the Advance settings of the NETGEAR Smart Wizard (Wireless Assistant). These options are available but should only be used if you are an advanced user.	1
How do i restrict my wnda3100v2 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands (1x 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
How do i restrict my wnda3100v2 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	This is expected. Since the EX6100 provides 1x1 11ac antenna stream in 5GHz band the connection in 5GHz band will be the lower of the two, meaning 1x1 11ac.	0
How do i restrict my wnda3100v2 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	Yes, it is possible. There are no conflicts with that kind of setup.	0
How do i restrict my wnda3100v2 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV5001 Configuration utility.	0
How do i restrict my wnda3100v2 to operate at either at 2.4ghz or 5ghz only and not both?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
How do i secure the powerline network?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAV5004 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	1
How do i secure the powerline network?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i secure the powerline network?	7 smart internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	0
How do i secure the powerline network?	The power consumption of XAVB6504 is 4.2 Watts in 110V AC and 5.0 Watts in 240V AC.	0
How do i secure the powerline network?	"Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing WN31000RP. Once you have complete WN31000RP installation, go to WN31000RP GUI ([http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net)), select the ""Attached device"" option on the left page, it will show the information which each computer attached to WN31000RP. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the ""Virtual MAC address"" column into your router."	0
How do i secure the powerline network?	* For each XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 device, press its Security button for > 1.5, < 5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
How do i set the unit back to factory default?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes in amber.	1
How do i set the unit back to factory default?	You can use these ports to connect a flash drive, or a USB external drive (hard drive), or a larger personal USB drive that is powered separately.	0
How do i set the unit back to factory default?	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
How do i set the unit back to factory default?	* Check all cables to make sure they are connected properly, and be sure you are using the correct input on your TV.	0
How do i set the unit back to factory default?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
How do i set the unit back to factory default?	Yes, the XAV1004 support port-based and user service based Q0s	0
How do i set up my dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)?	Use this method if you have a wireless router or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	1
How do i set up my dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)?	* 24 copper 10/100/1000Mbps RJ-45 Ethernet ports	0
How do i set up my dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i set up my dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
How do i set up my dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)?	1. Please make sure the connected device is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
How do i set up my dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)?	* [ReadyCLOUD to MyNETGEAR Single Sign-On FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30671)	0
How do i set up my plw1000 wireless extender and security (plw1000 auto-configuration feature)?	Use this method if you have a wireless router or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push 'N' Connect button:	1
How do i set up my plw1000 wireless extender and security (plw1000 auto-configuration feature)?	The Access Point should be installed such that the antenna is facing the maximum usage area. It can be either ceiling or wall mounted.	0
How do i set up my plw1000 wireless extender and security (plw1000 auto-configuration feature)?	You can enable the XWN5021 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	0
How do i set up my plw1000 wireless extender and security (plw1000 auto-configuration feature)?	The default IP address is 192.168.5.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default credentials “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
How do i set up my plw1000 wireless extender and security (plw1000 auto-configuration feature)?	The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
How do i set up my plw1000 wireless extender and security (plw1000 auto-configuration feature)?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
How do i set up parental controls on my netgear router?	NETGEAR offers Live Parental Controls software; a free program that provides a flexible way to monitor and restrict access to undesirable content on the Internet. Live Parental Controls is a feature rich program supported by OpenDNS the leading provider of security and infrastructure services that make the Internet safer through integrated Web content filtering, anti-phishing and DNS.	1
How do i set up parental controls on my netgear router?	It supports a AnchorAnchormaximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
How do i set up parental controls on my netgear router?	Yes, it is work for 2.5.3 firmware of the Stora. Please see [http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html](http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html).	0
How do i set up parental controls on my netgear router?	DGND3800B not only come integrated with the DSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
How do i set up parental controls on my netgear router?	 XCM8903SK M6100-44G3-POE+ Starter Kit bundle including M6100-3S base chassis, XCM8944 blade, XCM89P daughter card, AFT603 fan tray, APS1000W power supply	0
How do i set up parental controls on my netgear router?	The SPI firewall that the R7000 is built-in but cannot be customized.	0
How do i set up the hard drive?	Install the hard drive with the unit powered off; power on; use the Hard Drive Tools menu to format the drive. Be sure to copy off any files on the drive first as the EVA requires that the drive be formatted by the EVA tools. The resulting drive is in Linux ext-3 format with some EVA specific structure on the drive. Once the drive has been formatted you can mount it on any Linux system, or on a Windows system with ext-3 file system drivers.	1
How do i set up the hard drive?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device.	0
How do i set up the hard drive?	ReadyNAS Vault comes pre-installed on most ReadyNAS models running RAIDiator 4.2, RAIDiator 5.3, or ReadyNAS OS 6. If you are unable to determine if your model is supported, please visit [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started) or contact us via [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/requests/new](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).	0
How do i set up the hard drive?	During installation via the Web genie, R6300 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
How do i set up the hard drive?	* Go to BASIC>FastLane page	0
How do i set up the hard drive?	192.168.0.1	0
How do i setup my internet service with a different service provider?	Please refer to the Installation Guide that comes along with the unit.	1
How do i setup my internet service with a different service provider?	Yes, XE103 support full range power 100~240V.	0
How do i setup my internet service with a different service provider?	Many factors will affect the ability to make out specific details such as facial features - chief among them, how close to the camera the subject is and how fast the subject is moving. VueZone cameras are not high definition.	0
How do i setup my internet service with a different service provider?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only music files are supported.	0
How do i setup my internet service with a different service provider?	Please take caution when using the Ethernet Port Aggregation feature when connecting the router's AGGREGATE ports to a switch. The router's AGGREGATE ports use 802.3ad LACP (Link Aggregation Control Protocol) to perform port aggregation. LACP is typically found on Smart Managed Switches and Fully Managed switches. It will not work on a regular unmanaged switch. If you do not know what type of switch you have, please check with the switch manufacturer's website to confirm whether or not LACP is supported on your switch.	0
How do i setup my internet service with a different service provider?	Yes, however, it will not pass the data via the USB cable, only charge. Also, typically a PC USB port will not provide sufficient charge to get full functionality of the cradle, so it is not recommended.	0
How do i setup my wifi range extender?	For setup instructions on various NETGEAR models, see [Installing and configuring NETGEAR WiFi Range Extenders](https://kb.netgear.com/23517/Installing-and-configuring-NETGEAR-WiFi-Range-Extenders).	1
How do i setup my wifi range extender?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8’s AutoConfig (XP’s Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation. We know that Avast Free 2014.9.0.2008 will block the installation and you need to stop it before installing A6210. Newer version Avast Free can fix this. If you have problem installing A6210, we suggest you uninstall or stop the antivirus to help trouble shooting first.	0
How do i setup my wifi range extender?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i setup my wifi range extender?	[How and when do I use the Advanced Options tab?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21456)	0
How do i setup my wifi range extender?	NTV550 can play YouTube videos in the H.264 format (i.e., videos labeled “HD” or “High Quality” by YouTube). Some YouTube videos are in the older, FLV/Sorenson format. NTV550 can play these latter videos only via assistance from NeoTV for Windows software, running on a PC. If NTV550 can locate a Windows PC running NeoTV for Windows, it will play the FLV/Sorenson videos via live transcoding. If aPC cannot be found, you will see an error message when attempting to play these videos. Note that many “Recently Added” videos are initially in the FLV/Sorenson format, until they are converted by the YouTube web site and made available in H.264 HQ and HD formats.	0
How do i setup my wifi range extender?	"This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check ""Enable Video Network"" to avoid jitter in your wireless network."	0
How do i setup parental control (opendns) correctly, and configure the access levels for different home members?	After you have successfully setup the WNR2000v2 to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	1
How do i setup parental control (opendns) correctly, and configure the access levels for different home members?	Yes, the XAVB1101 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
How do i setup parental control (opendns) correctly, and configure the access levels for different home members?	192.168.0.1.	0
How do i setup parental control (opendns) correctly, and configure the access levels for different home members?	1. Log in the administration web interface.	0
How do i setup parental control (opendns) correctly, and configure the access levels for different home members?	"The default encryption key is ""HomePlugAV""."	0
How do i setup parental control (opendns) correctly, and configure the access levels for different home members?	* For each XAVB5501 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
How do i share a usb device connected to the smart cradle?	,	1
How do i share a usb device connected to the smart cradle?	[How do I send all logs?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21524)	0
How do i share a usb device connected to the smart cradle?	There are some approaches.	0
How do i share a usb device connected to the smart cradle?	You can control the NTV550 from your PC or any connected device with a Web browser:	0
How do i share a usb device connected to the smart cradle?	The user can either press the Reset button for 1 second or click the “Factory Reset” button on the Coming NETGEAR genie Release.	0
How do i share a usb device connected to the smart cradle?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) data encryption and authentication.	0
How do i share a usb printer connected to the smart cradle?	You must have already installed the printer driver on each computer you want to use with the printer.	1
How do i share a usb printer connected to the smart cradle?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
How do i share a usb printer connected to the smart cradle?	You cannot disable standby mode (sleep mode). There are no plans add this feature at this time.	0
How do i share a usb printer connected to the smart cradle?	No.	0
How do i share a usb printer connected to the smart cradle?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i share a usb printer connected to the smart cradle?	The EX7000 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the extender. You can use wireless device to connect to the default SSID 'NETGEAR_EXT' without security first. Then open EX7000 Web GUI. You can refer to the IG Card or booklet that comes with gift box for more details.	0
How do i start using the readynas vault?	ReadyNAS Vault will first require you to register for an account here: [http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs](http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs)/. (Free trials are available.) Once registered, you can enable the ReadyNAS Vault and log into the application. More details can be found here: [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started)	1
How do i start using the readynas vault?	You can use a USB External Hard Drives for ReadySHARE feature.	0
How do i start using the readynas vault?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
How do i start using the readynas vault?	There may be two reasons. One is that the broadband technology offered by your service is ADSL. D6400 is backward compatible and is connecting to your Internet Service Provider with the ADSL technology. Second possible reason is that the Internet speed is controlled by your Service Provider’s subscription plan. D6400 can connect to the fastest possible speed that your Service Provider delivers, within your plan, but not more.	0
How do i start using the readynas vault?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i start using the readynas vault?	It will work as long as it is a static IP address. Make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the internet. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have a plus or premium account.	0
How do i switch to ethernet wan mode on lan port 4?	"The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web GUI. Go to BASIC > xDSL and change “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply”. Alternatively you can configure this setting under Advanced Settings via ADVANCED > SETUP > ADSL SETTINGS and change the “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply""."	1
How do i switch to ethernet wan mode on lan port 4?	* Make sure the WLAN LED is green. If it is not green color, move WNCE2001 closer to your AP.	0
How do i switch to ethernet wan mode on lan port 4?	Using a passcode (private network key), it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
How do i switch to ethernet wan mode on lan port 4?	Yes, the C6250 does support VPN pass-through.	0
How do i switch to ethernet wan mode on lan port 4?	No, the C6300 does not currently support this feature.	0
How do i switch to ethernet wan mode on lan port 4?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3800B firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
How do i to reset the router?	Press and hold the button on the bottom for 5 seconds to reset the router to factory default settings.	1
How do i to reset the router?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
How do i to reset the router?	C7000 has SIP ALG enabled by default. Some of the new SIP applications may not work well with SIP ALG enabled. Please disable SIP ALG from Advanced > Setup > WAN Setup and check “disable SIP ALG”.	0
How do i to reset the router?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 Mbps product, the 200 Mbps throughput is maximum."	0
How do i to reset the router?	The APS150W is the power module which is used on M4300-28G and M4300-52G.	0
How do i to reset the router?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
How do i turn off the flashing blue lights?	The Wireless-N Dual Band Router has 8 blue lights in the dome which illustrate the activity of the 8 internal antennas. The lights are not required however, and customers can choose to turn them off simply by pushing the dome down lightly.	1
How do i turn off the flashing blue lights?	This is the same as the normal bridge mode. We recommend using two R7300s to get an optimal bridge connection.	0
How do i turn off the flashing blue lights?	No, the WMA Lossless is a completely different codec from normal WMA codec.	0
How do i turn off the flashing blue lights?	WNDR3400v3 has 1 USB 2.0 port.	0
How do i turn off the flashing blue lights?	A6100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
How do i turn off the flashing blue lights?	* [How do I create a ReadyNAS Vault Account?](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208283016-Register-for-a-ReadyNAS-Vault-Account)	0
How do i upgrade firmware manually?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with a ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	1
How do i upgrade firmware manually?	* For each XAVB5101 devices, press its Security button for >0.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
How do i upgrade firmware manually?	From Windows select Start > Search and type in the search field Allow a program through a Windows Firewall. Add WiDiApp and Wireless PAN DHCP Server to the list of allowed programs. Make sure both private and public check boxes are selected. If you are not using Windows Firewall, consult your firewall user's manual.	0
How do i upgrade firmware manually?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the router wirelessly and be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
How do i upgrade firmware manually?	With firmware v1.0.4.30 or higher, the R7000 has been certified to support 5GHz band 2 and 5GHz band 3 channel which includes channel 52, 56, 60, 64, 100, 104, 108, and 112.	0
How do i upgrade firmware manually?	It might be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply. The Nighthawk might not be able to supply the power requirement of this enclosure due to its multiple drives.	0
How do i upgrade my router firmware?	To upgrade your router firmware, see [Installing the latest firmware on a NETGEAR router](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23442)	1
How do i upgrade my router firmware?	The power consumption of PLP1200 is 2.06W when Ethernet cable is connected, 0.46W standby mode (Ethernet cable is disconnected or Ethernet link lost ).	0
How do i upgrade my router firmware?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do i upgrade my router firmware?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
How do i upgrade my router firmware?	There is no limitation in terms of HDD capacity that can be connected, we have tested up to 4TB HDD capacity.	0
How do i upgrade my router firmware?	Using other antennas with the R7300 is not recommended. There is not a list of compatible external antennas.	0
How do i upgrade the firmware manually?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	1
How do i upgrade the firmware manually?	"* ""ReadyNAS storage system"". To continue to use ReadyCLOUD after this change, you must install OS 6.5.0 or later on your ReadyNAS storage system."	0
How do i upgrade the firmware manually?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
How do i upgrade the firmware manually?	Type in http://192.168.0.1/ in an Internet browser on a PC or MAC connected to one of the device’s 4 Ethernet ports, or connected via Wireless to the device. The URL is the factory default settings. If you change this IP setting in GUI page “LAN IP”, please record your change so that you would know the IP to access GUI page. In case, you forgot your change, you can reset the unit to factory default settings, and then access GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
How do i upgrade the firmware manually?	When you upgrade your ReadyCLOUD account, your users automatically migrate to your MyNETGEAR.com account.	0
How do i upgrade the firmware manually?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAVN2001 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
How do i upgrade the firmware of the wnr2000v4?	You have 2 options: let the wizard detect whether new firmware is available or manually upload the firmware to the router:	1
How do i upgrade the firmware of the wnr2000v4?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
How do i upgrade the firmware of the wnr2000v4?	You may attach a USB keyboard and mouse. At this time only US English layout is supported.	0
How do i upgrade the firmware of the wnr2000v4?	Yes, but there are some limitations. A Windows PC is required for the following functions: Watching or recording Live TV using a PC TV Tuner card; Watching YouTube Videos; Listening or Watching to DRM (Digital Rights Management) protected content.	0
How do i upgrade the firmware of the wnr2000v4?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR4300 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can't use those channels.	0
How do i upgrade the firmware of the wnr2000v4?	The limiting factor is often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance overhead to overcome the increased attenuation caused by longer wiring runs.	0
How do i upgrade the firmware?	There is no option in the GUI to perform a firmware upgrade. Firmware upgrades are done through the ISP only. NETGEAR will work with the ISP to push down firmware through their network. No action is needed from customers regarding firmware upgrade.	1
How do i upgrade the firmware?	No, the VLAN feature is currently designed to separate WAN services provided by your service provider (ISP). For example, your ISP may require this feature in order to separate Internet, IPTV, and/or telephony services. It is not meant to be used to configure the LAN side of the customer's network.	0
How do i upgrade the firmware?	Yes, there is. It can be seen under the option Device Mode.	0
How do i upgrade the firmware?	Switching ISP has nothing to do with projection. The problem might be due to copyrights protection.	0
How do i upgrade the firmware?	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
How do i upgrade the firmware?	Yes. By default the router will check for newer firmware every day (4 AM local time) and install it if available. The time and frequency can be updated in the settings.	0
How do i use 'netgear downloader'?	Go to ADVANCED>NETGEAR Downloader. There are two tabs - Basic settings and Download Manager. Before using NETGEAR Downloader, please go to the Basic settings page to change the settings. If you are okay with the default settings, just go to the Download Manager to continue with your settings.	1
How do i use 'netgear downloader'?	Yes, the R6400 supports IPv6.	0
How do i use 'netgear downloader'?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform the firmware upgrade with a ""WIRED"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
How do i use 'netgear downloader'?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
How do i use 'netgear downloader'?	The difference between MSTP and PV(R)STP is primarily in the way the protocol maps spanning tree instances to VLANs: PV(R)STP creates a spanning tree instance for every VLAN, whereas MSTP maps one or more VLANs to each MST instance	0
How do i use 'netgear downloader'?	Yes it is compatible.	0
How do i use the broadband traffic meter?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	1
How do i use the broadband traffic meter?	"1. Push the ""WPS"" button on the wireless device."	0
How do i use the broadband traffic meter?	* [What is the ReadyCLOUD Desktop Client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29786)	0
How do i use the broadband traffic meter?	View Arlo Q cameras in HD with a crystal clear resolution of 1080p.	0
How do i use the broadband traffic meter?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
How do i use the broadband traffic meter?	R6400 has 2 USB ports, 1 USB 3.0-Storage port at the front and 1 USB 2.0-Printer port at the back. NETGEAR recommends that you connect a USB storage device to the USB 3.0-Storage port and connect a printer to the USB 2.0-Printer port.	0
How do i use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	* For each PL1000 device, press its security button for more than 2 seconds, then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink.	1
How do i use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	We recommend using the PR2000 that has WiFi router, access point, hotspot and range extender features.	0
How do i use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
How do i use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	During installation via the Smart Wizard Installation CD checks the Web for the latest firmware and gives you the option to automatically install it if an update is available.	0
How do i use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	We found certain router has a bug will cause this issue. The router assigns a different Mac address to get the same IP. This results in the client not being able to access the internet. The solution is to upgrade your router to the latest firmware which fixed this issue.	0
How do i use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	No, the DM200 VDSL modem does not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
How do the antennas in rangemax work?	8 internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	1
How do the antennas in rangemax work?	Yes, your cable TV line can carry the TV signal while you send and receive information on the Internet.	0
How do the antennas in rangemax work?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS feature of JGS524E would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP.	0
How do the antennas in rangemax work?	Launch the Wireless Configuration Utility by clicking on the icon in your OS notifications area. Select your network and click Connect.	0
How do the antennas in rangemax work?	The  PL1000 connects to your router and then plugs directly into the wall to inject the internet connection into the powerline.	0
How do the antennas in rangemax work?	"1. Locate the ""Reset"" button on the rear panel of the modem."	0
How do you disable stp network traffic from wndr4500?	STP is only applicable on connecting multiple switches to avoid broadcast storms. The router is set as AP and there is no other device connected wired on it that means there will be no loop/s created on setup. Also, STP is a layer 2 protocol which is applicable to switches and not with the routers so that means the WNDR4500 does not have option for STP.	1
How do you disable stp network traffic from wndr4500?	During normal operation, the XAV2501 automatically goes into power saving mode when the Ethernet link is down for 10 minutes. When in power saving mode, the XAV2501 leaves power saving mode when the Ethernet link is back.	0
How do you disable stp network traffic from wndr4500?	This is a ProSAFE 8-port 10-Gigabit Ethernet Web Managed Switch. It supports eight 100/1000/10000 Mbps RJ45 ports with one combo port supporting 10 Gigabit SFP+ fiber.	0
How do you disable stp network traffic from wndr4500?	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	0
How do you disable stp network traffic from wndr4500?	* Make sure you have added the WN2000RPT MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
How do you disable stp network traffic from wndr4500?	Currently the EVA 8000 supports the following container formats: AVI, DivX, Xvid WMV, MOV, VOB, MPG, MP1, MP2, MP4, ISO, IFO, M4V.	0
"How do you prioritize network traffic using the ""video"" and ""data"" ports of xav2602?"	One bottleneck of network traffic can be when both ports on the Powerline are streaming data at the same time. The XAV2602 is designed to have two Ethernet ports: One Video port and one Data port for users to connect more network devices. That means you could utilize both ports at the same time and create heavy load traffic to the Powerline network. In that case, some packets could be dropped due to the limitation of the Powerline bandwidth. Therefore, the XAV2602 supports Port-based QoS mechanism that helps you prioritize the traffic going through the Video and Data ports at the same time. NETGEAR recommends that you connect the network devices that generate high priority traffic to the Video port. For instance, you could connect your multimedia server, router, and network-attached storage device to the Video port. It will guarantee the media streaming traffic passing through the Powerline network gets a higher priority than the traffic coming through the Data port. On the other hand, you could connect your PC to the Data port of XAV2602, as your PC does not generate heavy load traffic to the Powerline network.	1
"How do you prioritize network traffic using the ""video"" and ""data"" ports of xav2602?"	Yes, the powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz. The operating frequencies overlap with 27MHz wireless keyboards and mice. But the interference might happen only if the XAV2101 is close enough to the wireless range.	0
"How do you prioritize network traffic using the ""video"" and ""data"" ports of xav2602?"	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only music files are supported.	0
"How do you prioritize network traffic using the ""video"" and ""data"" ports of xav2602?"	Yes, the C6300 supports OpenDNS Live Parental Controls (LPC).	0
"How do you prioritize network traffic using the ""video"" and ""data"" ports of xav2602?"	This is a current limitation and we'll release future firmware to make it work. On the other	0
"How do you prioritize network traffic using the ""video"" and ""data"" ports of xav2602?"	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	0
How do you secure the dst network?	By default, the R7300 device and DST6501 use the same DST encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	1
How do you secure the dst network?	The table below describes the WPS (the LED on the WPS push button of front panel) behaviors.	0
How do you secure the dst network?	The factory reset button is located on the back panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole labeled “RESET”. The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 20 seconds till the front panel LED’s turn amber then off, to bring the unit back to its factory default settings.	0
How do you secure the dst network?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
How do you secure the dst network?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
How do you secure the dst network?	When this happens, please go to Advanced -> Wireless Settings and select “11 b/g/n Mixed mode”. This will provide the best overall performance when there are both b/g and n clients on the network. Note while b/g clients should see better performance, that n clients will see lower performance than if the AP was configured for a pure 11n network.	0
How do you secure the powerline network?	By default, the PL1000 device and PLW1000 use the same default encryption key so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	1
How do you secure the powerline network?	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet. This device is equiped with NAT.	0
How do you secure the powerline network?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do you secure the powerline network?	* Make sure that the computer and the Digital Entertainer HD are connected to the same network and turned on.	0
How do you secure the powerline network?	The GS316 has a 3 year warranty. In China and India a 1 year warranty applies.	0
How do you secure the powerline network?	The R8500 has three sets of antennas. For the 2.4GHz band, the antennas are 2 dbi. The external 5GHz antennas are 1 dbi while the internal 5GHz antennas are 3 dbi.	0
How do you set the pl p 1200 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 1 second or click the “Factory Reset” button on the Coming NETGEAR genie Release.	1
How do you set the pl p 1200 to its factory default settings?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection.	0
How do you set the pl p 1200 to its factory default settings?	Powerline adapters allows you to turn any electrical power outlet into a high-speed Internet and home network connection. Each Powerline network requires at least two Powerline adapters, although more can be added. The standard is called HPAV2.	0
How do you set the pl p 1200 to its factory default settings?	The XAV1004 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrade.	0
How do you set the pl p 1200 to its factory default settings?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 145Mbps” on 2.4GHz and “Up to 433Mbps” on 5GHz.	0
How do you set the pl p 1200 to its factory default settings?	Currently, the C6300 Cable Modem Router is only available for retail in the US only.	0
How do you set the pl1000 to its factory default settings?	Factory reset can be accomplished by holding the hardware reset button for one second or using the software Factory Reset button via the NETGEAR genie.	1
How do you set the pl1000 to its factory default settings?	Although the R8300 is a 4x4 Wi-Fi router, there are no 4x4 Wi-Fi clients available on the market yet. However, the throughput improvement on your existing Wi-Fi client can be improved with newer Wi-Fi chipsets and the NETGEAR design active antennas. 4x4 Wi-Fi will also be very useful with MU-MIMO capability.	0
How do you set the pl1000 to its factory default settings?	Yes, WPN824 can double its range by setting it up in a Repeater mode.	0
How do you set the pl1000 to its factory default settings?	XS708E supports loop detection (not prevention). When a loop is detected, both LEDs on the affected ports will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second. Loop detection is user configurable and it is disabled by default.	0
How do you set the pl1000 to its factory default settings?	Files and folders stored on your Stora are private by default. However, you can share content on the Stora with friends and family in several ways:	0
How do you set the pl1000 to its factory default settings?	The power consumption of PL1200 is 1.93W when the ethernet cable is connected , 0.49W standby mode (Ethernet cable disconnected or Ethernet link lost).	0
How do you set the pl1200 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 1 second or click the “Factory Reset” button on the Coming NETGEAR genie Release.	1
How do you set the pl1200 to its factory default settings?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 130Mbps support the draft 802.11N specification and use 20MHz and 40MHz frequency, respectively. Up to 130Mbps will provide the maximum performance in most cases. For maximum wireless throughput, use the RANGEMAX NEXT wireless notebook adapter WN111v2.	0
How do you set the pl1200 to its factory default settings?	Dead Spot Terminator. It is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via a home’s electrical system. The standard is called HPAV2.	0
How do you set the pl1200 to its factory default settings?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WNR2000v2, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network.	0
How do you set the pl1200 to its factory default settings?	No, if you use an 802.11n wireless adapter to connect to R6220, the maximum connection speed will be the same as connecting to an 802.11n Router. This is due to the maximum link rates in the 802.11n Wi-Fi standard.	0
How do you set the pl1200 to its factory default settings?	None of the home routers support SNMP.	0
How do you set the plw1000 to its factory default settings?	A factory reset can be done by holding the hardware reset button for over 2 seconds or alternatively using the software “Factory Reset” button via Netgear Genie or via WebGUI.	1
How do you set the plw1000 to its factory default settings?	The R6300 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6300 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	0
How do you set the plw1000 to its factory default settings?	Press reset button for more than 10sec, WNR1500 will launch reset-to-default process.	0
How do you set the plw1000 to its factory default settings?	* [Set Network Access Rights to Shared Folders](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26453)	0
How do you set the plw1000 to its factory default settings?	Yes. Unlike the WNDAP330, WNDAP350 supports concurrent 2.4 GHz band and 5 GHz band operations.	0
How do you set the plw1000 to its factory default settings?	"1. ""Efficient"" data throughput over a congested network regardless of speed tier during peak"	0
How do you set the xav101 to its factory default settings?	You can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV101 Configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xav101 to its factory default settings?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3700 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
How do you set the xav101 to its factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do you set the xav101 to its factory default settings?	"PR2000 is designed as a portable travel router; that is, PR2000 will examine the existing ""Profile List"" when user changes his location."	0
How do you set the xav101 to its factory default settings?	IEEE 802.11n recommends to use “Up to 145Mbps” as it causes less possible interference to your neighbor’s wireless network. However, if you really need to get higher performance and your wireless clients can support “Up to 300Mbps”, you can set it to “Up to 300Mbps” to get the maximum performance.	0
How do you set the xav101 to its factory default settings?	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	0
How do you set the xav101v2 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV101v2 configuration utility. The NETGEAR XAV101v2 configuration utility is posted on XAV101v2 product page.	1
How do you set the xav101v2 to its factory default settings?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WNR2000v2, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network.	0
How do you set the xav101v2 to its factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do you set the xav101v2 to its factory default settings?	Yes. It supports Google Chrome browser, Flash and HTML5 to offer full access to the Web.	0
How do you set the xav101v2 to its factory default settings?	Yes! With the free remote access function and an Internet connection, you can access your Stora to view or stream content over any web enabled device anywhere in the world at anytime.	0
How do you set the xav101v2 to its factory default settings?	Yes. Even if your laptop has sound muted, the sound for the media you are playing will play on your TV.	0
How do you set the xav1201 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xav1201 to its factory default settings?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to Airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an Airplay ready device, such as Apple TV or Airplay ready receivers.	0
How do you set the xav1201 to its factory default settings?	Yes, please see the table below for more detail:	0
How do you set the xav1201 to its factory default settings?	The amount of bandwidth required to transmit compressed HD video varies greatly depending on the resolution (e.g. 720p vs. 1080i vs. 1080p) and the type of compression used (e.g. MPEG2 vs. MPEG4). The following are bandwidth requirements for the most common resolutions:	0
How do you set the xav1201 to its factory default settings?	Because the M6100 series is designed upon an innovative “distributed fabric” which removes the need for a dedicated supervisory module, while providing a passive backplane, redundant fabric and redundant management – all with non-stop forwarding world-class resiliency and availability. As a result, all four M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) are equipped with dedicated hardware and software high-end distributed fabric on board. When inserted in Slot 1, any I/O blade will handle the Supervisory Role. When inserted in Slot 2, any I/O blade will handle the Back-up Supervisory role. It brings simplicity for management and maintenance or upgrades, while providing better availability and resiliency than any competitive solution in this price range.	0
How do you set the xav1201 to its factory default settings?	After you reset the unit to its factory default settings, the set-up changes that you did (e.g., password change) will be rest to original factory default values.	0
How do you set the xav1301 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xav1301 to its factory default settings?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
How do you set the xav1301 to its factory default settings?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
How do you set the xav1301 to its factory default settings?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
How do you set the xav1301 to its factory default settings?	The EVA8000 is not designed to drive simultaneous outputs.	0
How do you set the xav1301 to its factory default settings?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device.	0
How do you set the xav1401 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xav1401 to its factory default settings?	Once you successfully connect to the WiFi Booster from a computer that is outside the range of your existing router and log into  WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, the Smart Wizard will guide you through the process to connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router. If the Link Rate is red or the Smart Wizard simply cannot connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router, please move the WiFi Booster closer to the existing router or to a different spot where it provides a better line of sight. As you are moving the WiFi Booster, continue to check the Link Rate and the PC to WiFi Booster Connection LEDs on the front panel until you find a location where either one of the conditions in Question 1 is met. Note that you may have to unplug the WiFi Booster as you move it to a different location. If so, from the new location, power up the WiFi Booster and continue to check the LEDs.	0
How do you set the xav1401 to its factory default settings?	* Please connect to WN2000RPT through wired, and log in at http://www.mywifiext.net, and check the wireless setting page.	0
How do you set the xav1401 to its factory default settings?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
How do you set the xav1401 to its factory default settings?	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support Flow Control.	0
How do you set the xav1401 to its factory default settings?	A  SUBSCRIBER IDENTITY MODULE OR SUBSCRIBER IDENTIFICATION MODULE (SIM) is an integrated circuit card that securely stores the International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI) and the related key used to identify and authenticate subscribers on devices (such as mobile phones, computers and the MBR1515). The MBR1515 requires an activated SIM card and Verizon Wireless 4G LTE service plan subscription.	0
How do you set the xav1501 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xav1501 to its factory default settings?	1. Log in the administration web interface.	0
How do you set the xav1501 to its factory default settings?	Yes, using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. However, the overall throughput is shared by the multiple networks.	0
How do you set the xav1501 to its factory default settings?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
How do you set the xav1501 to its factory default settings?	1. NTV550 can access media from CIFS (Windows file shares), Samba, NFS, and DLNA/UPNP. NFS (available on most NAS type devices) typically offers the best performance, followed by CIFS/SMB. Note that to access DVD or Bluray media, or to play media with associated external subtitles, you will need to use NFS/CIFS/Samba, not DLNA/UPNP.	0
How do you set the xav1501 to its factory default settings?	The WN2500RP cannot check whether the WEP passphrase is correct or not. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless PC will not able to get IP address from WN2500RP. You need to reset the WN2500RP to factory default to get it back.	0
How do you set the xav1601 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xav1601 to its factory default settings?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
How do you set the xav1601 to its factory default settings?	Miracast™ **is a new certification program based on the Wi-Fi Display specification.Miracast™ certification demonstrates that a device can quickly transmit video content from one Miracast™-certified device to another, even without access to a Wi-Fi® **network.NETGEAR hopes to achieve Miracast™ certification for the Push2TV in early 2013.	0
How do you set the xav1601 to its factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do you set the xav1601 to its factory default settings?	Please login into the genie GUI first, then select “ADVANCED” tab, then click “Administration”, followed by “Set Password”. After the new password has been entered, please click the “Apply” button to save it.	0
How do you set the xav1601 to its factory default settings?	Yes, region can be changed.	0
How do you set the xav2501 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline AV utility.	1
How do you set the xav2501 to its factory default settings?	You can control the NTV550 from your PC or any connected device with a Web browser:	0
How do you set the xav2501 to its factory default settings?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
How do you set the xav2501 to its factory default settings?	Yes, the EVA9000 can access NAS devices directly. ( NOTE: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA9000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
How do you set the xav2501 to its factory default settings?	Please double check the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct.	0
How do you set the xav2501 to its factory default settings?	STP is only applicable on connecting multiple switches to avoid broadcast storms. The router is set as AP and there is no other device connected wired on it that means there will be no loop/s created on setup. Also, STP is a layer 2 protocol which is applicable to switches and not with the routers so that means the WNDR4500 does not have option for STP.	0
How do you set the xav5001 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV5001 Configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xav5001 to its factory default settings?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
How do you set the xav5001 to its factory default settings?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
How do you set the xav5001 to its factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The newest and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do you set the xav5001 to its factory default settings?	No. Arlo Q cameras are powered cameras. You need to plug the camera into an electrical outlet and connect it to your Wi-Fi router.	0
How do you set the xav5001 to its factory default settings?	Press and hold Reset switch, then use short press to toggle through menu entries, use long press to confirm selection. For details, please check RN3138 hardware manual.	0
How do you set the xav5201 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 1 second or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV5201 Configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xav5201 to its factory default settings?	User need to use 11ac adapter to get the max performance. If user uses 11n wireless adapters to connect with AC1450, the max throughput is limited by 11n adapter. Because 11n wireless adapters did not have 11ac link rate.	0
How do you set the xav5201 to its factory default settings?	The C6250 supports up to 16 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	0
How do you set the xav5201 to its factory default settings?	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support port auto negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	0
How do you set the xav5201 to its factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do you set the xav5201 to its factory default settings?	One unique way ReadyNAS can help businesses is by providing constant access to your secure data from anywhere. Everyone is familiar with cloud solutions hosted on the internet. Consumers use free services from Google, Microsoft, Apple for email, backup, calendaring, etc. But for businesses those solutions can be very expensive. There are also concerns over security and privacy. With ReadyNAS all the data is hosted on your device, but you can access your data through mobile applications or the ReadyCLOUD portal. Each solution will create a secure VPN-like tunnel directly to your ReadyNAS. Now you can access your data with the ease of the cloud without any of the concerns of using a 3rd party to host your data.	0
How do you set the xavb1101 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline Configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xavb1101 to its factory default settings?	During installation via the Web genie, EX7000 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest FW on web site every time when you login the GUI.	0
How do you set the xavb1101 to its factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do you set the xavb1101 to its factory default settings?	The power consumption of XAV2001 is 4 Watts in 110V AC and 5 Watts in 220V AC .	0
How do you set the xavb1101 to its factory default settings?	The M6100-3S empty chassis is not orderable as a separate SKU. The M6100-3S empty chassis only comes with M6100-44G3-POE+ or M6100-44GF3 or M6100-24X3 starter kit bundles.	0
How do you set the xavb1101 to its factory default settings?	It supports a AnchorAnchormaximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
How do you set the xavb2001 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB2001 Configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xavb2001 to its factory default settings?	Arlo Wire-Free cameras are weatherproof and can be used both indoors and outdoors. Arlo Q cameras deliver the best experience indoors.	0
How do you set the xavb2001 to its factory default settings?	The choice is usually determined by your local telecommunication service provider. By choosing different plans offered by your service provider, an ADSL or a VDSL line is provided to you.	0
How do you set the xavb2001 to its factory default settings?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
How do you set the xavb2001 to its factory default settings?	"In general, NETGEAR wireless extenders are ""universal"" extenders. This means that they are compatible with the vast majority of wireless routers on the market, whether purchased separately or provided by an ISP."	0
How do you set the xavb2001 to its factory default settings?	The R6400 has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
How do you set the xavb2101 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline Configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xavb2101 to its factory default settings?	The D1500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
How do you set the xavb2101 to its factory default settings?	The default IP Address of WNDR3400v3 is 192.168.1.1 and the login credentials are admin for default username and the default password is password.	0
How do you set the xavb2101 to its factory default settings?	DGND3700 automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the Internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
How do you set the xavb2101 to its factory default settings?	WNDA3100 is in the process of applying the DFS (Dynamic Frequency Selection) certification at various regions worldwide. At this time, please configure your 5GHz router running at non-DFS channels. The non-DFS channels for US are channel 36-48 and 149-161. The non-DFS channels for Europe are channel 36 to channel 48.	0
How do you set the xavb2101 to its factory default settings?	The maximum supported HDD partition size supported by C3000/C3700 is 2-terabytes (TB). If using HDDs larger than 2 TB, the HDD will need to be partition into partitions smaller than 2 TB (e.g. If 4 TB HDD is being used you will need to partition the HDD into two 2 TB partitions in order for C3000/C3700 to detect it).	0
How do you set the xavb5001 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5001 Configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xavb5001 to its factory default settings?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How do you set the xavb5001 to its factory default settings?	That means the R6400 does not recognize your USB storage device. It may have interoperability issue. Please try to plug the USB storage device into the other USB port, and see if it works.	0
How do you set the xavb5001 to its factory default settings?	1. SMB clients now see the share quota usage when checking volume usage.	0
How do you set the xavb5001 to its factory default settings?	The D6400 does not come with an installation CD. It has a feature called NETGEAR genie that guides you through the installation of the router.	0
How do you set the xavb5001 to its factory default settings?	You can control the NTV550 from your PC or any connected device with a Web browser:	0
How do you set the xavb5101 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5101 Configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xavb5101 to its factory default settings?	The XAVB2001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download from the NETGEAR web site.	0
How do you set the xavb5101 to its factory default settings?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
How do you set the xavb5101 to its factory default settings?	1. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Reset push button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
How do you set the xavb5101 to its factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do you set the xavb5101 to its factory default settings?	This is a 24-port Gigabit switch. It belongs to the new “ProSAFE Plus Switches” family.	0
How do you set the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR genie configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 to its factory default settings?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an airplay ready device, such as Apple TV or airplay ready receivers.	0
How do you set the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 to its factory default settings?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (not set to static IP). Second, make sure that the Wireless Device to Extender light is solid green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser and enter [www.mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net/) or the extenders default IP [http://192.168.1.250](http://192.168.1.250/).	0
How do you set the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 to its factory default settings?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX7000 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	0
How do you set the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 to its factory default settings?	Under ideal conditions, MCA1001v2 adapters have a data rate of up to 175 Mbps. The effective data rate is somewhat lower. Consequently, a 100-Mbps network adapter is adequate in most cases.	0
How do you set the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 to its factory default settings?	It supports a maximum of four concurrent VPN clients.	0
How do you set the xavb5501 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5501 Configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xavb5501 to its factory default settings?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
How do you set the xavb5501 to its factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do you set the xavb5501 to its factory default settings?	Additional info and utility can be found at [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
How do you set the xavb5501 to its factory default settings?	No, the QoS on the router is for Internet traffic, not layer 2 QoS in LAN side by the powerline devices.	0
How do you set the xavb5501 to its factory default settings?	Disk drives are the only component that is replaceable. For all other hardware problems, the entire chassis will be replaced.	0
How do you set the xavb5601 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5601 Configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xavb5601 to its factory default settings?	The DGND3700 does not have debug functions and there is no way of accessing it via command line.	0
How do you set the xavb5601 to its factory default settings?	XCM89P daughter card supports PoE (802.3af) and PoE+ (802.3at).	0
How do you set the xavb5601 to its factory default settings?	 XAV1401V1: To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1401 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
How do you set the xavb5601 to its factory default settings?	Yes, the XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
How do you set the xavb5601 to its factory default settings?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
How do you set the xavb5602 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5602 configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xavb5602 to its factory default settings?	i. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the  RESTORE FACTORY SETTINGS button, located on the bottom of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
How do you set the xavb5602 to its factory default settings?	No, Nighthawk (D7000), Nighthawk X4S (D7800), NETGEAR D6400 VDSL products do not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
How do you set the xavb5602 to its factory default settings?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
How do you set the xavb5602 to its factory default settings?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
How do you set the xavb5602 to its factory default settings?	EMI (electro-magnetic interference) and RFI (radio frequency interference) protectors most likely will block the Powerline signals.	0
How do you set the xavb6504 to its factory default settings?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB6504 configuration utility.	1
How do you set the xavb6504 to its factory default settings?	DGND3700 not only come integrated with the ADSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
How do you set the xavb6504 to its factory default settings?	We don’t suggest it but you can use other USB3.0 cable to connect A6210 to your computer. there are something important to highlight that 1. Please don’t use USB2.0 cable. If you use USB2.0 cable, A6210 can’t function as USB3.0 device. 2. Please don’t use too long USB3.0 cable because it will make too large voltage drop to let computer can’t detect A6210.	0
How do you set the xavb6504 to its factory default settings?	It is 15 Amp for GR and FR, 14 Amp for NA and 12 Amp for UK.	0
How do you set the xavb6504 to its factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How do you set the xavb6504 to its factory default settings?	A switch running PV(R)STP can communicate with a switch running IEEE standard spanning tree protocol.	0
How do you use the security button to set a private powerline network?	"1. For each PL1000 device, press the ""Security"" button for more than two seconds, then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink."	1
How do you use the security button to set a private powerline network?	NAND+SDRAM 512M bits + 256M bits	0
How do you use the security button to set a private powerline network?	Yes. D6200(B) Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
How do you use the security button to set a private powerline network?	This is expected. Since the EX6100 provides 1x1 11ac antenna stream in 5GHz band the connection in 5GHz band will be the lower of the two, meaning 1x1 11ac.	0
How do you use the security button to set a private powerline network?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connections, by design.	0
How do you use the security button to set a private powerline network?	No, currently the EVA doesn't support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
How does it enable hd performance over wireless?	WNHDE111 uses high performance 6 internal MetaMaterial antennas to be able to stream HD video seamlessly even in harsh wireless environments. It uses the 5 GHz band which is relatively interference free. It uses Smart Antenna technology to listen and adapt to the wireless environment. It also has an enhanced level of Quality of Service (QOS) for jitter-free Video Streaming and lag-free video gaming.	1
How does it enable hd performance over wireless?	It actually depends on the environment and the router you are using. The WNDA3100v2 is just a receiver.	0
How does it enable hd performance over wireless?	Yes, the WN802T-200 is compatible with 11b and 11g. It can simultaneously support 802.11b, 802.11g, and draft 802.11n clients.	0
How does it enable hd performance over wireless?	The R6200v2 adopts the latest 11ac latest chip sets, supports a USB 3.0 port, and 256MB Flash memory for future software features expansion.	0
How does it enable hd performance over wireless?	The power consumption of XAV2001 is 4 Watts in 110V AC and 5 Watts in 220V AC .	0
How does it enable hd performance over wireless?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
How does it upgrade my current network?	You keep your existing wireless router or gateway as is, with no need to change your current settings. You simply plug one of the WNHDE111 to the existing router/gateway and you now have a Wireless-N 5 GHz network established. You still have your existing G network at 2.4 GHz frequency for normal data and voice while using the 5 GHz Wireless-N for faster and high bandwidth demanding applications like video streaming and online gaming.	1
How does it upgrade my current network?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connection, by design.	0
How does it upgrade my current network?	This is due to a recent update done on Microsoft Internet Explorer Windows 8.1 IE 11 ( path 11.0.10 , KB2962872 - 2014/7/8). We are working on a fix and the official firmware update will be released next week..	0
How does it upgrade my current network?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
How does it upgrade my current network?	Yes.	0
How does it upgrade my current network?	"Please delete the WN111v2?.exe process in task manager and click ""Ignore"" to continue the installation."	0
How does live parental controls powered by opendns work?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	1
How does live parental controls powered by opendns work?	It supports 4 types of QoS service. This includes QoS settings for applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. The user can configure QoS based the way the product is used to set internet traffic priority for the best efficiency for the user's situation.	0
How does live parental controls powered by opendns work?	* Make sure you have added the WN2000RPT MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
How does live parental controls powered by opendns work?	During installation via the Smart Wizard CD, WPN824 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
How does live parental controls powered by opendns work?	Visit [http://readycloud.netgear.com](http://readycloud.netgear.com) on a computer that is on the same local area network (LAN) and Internet connection as your ReadyNAS system. If your computer does not have Internet access, install and run the RAIDar utility instead. RAIDar is on the resource CD that came with your system.	0
How does live parental controls powered by opendns work?	We found certain router has a bug will cause this issue. The router assigns a different Mac address to get the same IP. This results in the client not being able to access the internet. The solution is to upgrade your router to the latest firmware which fixed this issue.	0
How does the cradle boost my lte connection?	Primarily the cradle changes the direction that the antenna radiates its energy. The mobile hotspot by itself, necessarily, has to radiate its antenna energy in all directions at once. When the device is mobile, it’s impossible to know how it will be positioned relative to the nearest base station (lying flat, in a pocket horizontally, in a bag vertically, etc.). The cradle, however, only radiates energy horizontally, and looks for signal relatively close to the ground, not up in the air or straight down. It can do this because once the cradle is set up and the mobile hotspot is docked, the device no longer changes its position relative to the base station, it’s always upright in the cradle, on the same horizontal plane.	1
How does the cradle boost my lte connection?	A6210 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6210 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
How does the cradle boost my lte connection?	Yes. WNR2500 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
How does the cradle boost my lte connection?	Up to 54Mbps” supports the 802.11g & 802.11b standards. “Up to 145Mbps” and “Up to 300Mbps” modes support the 802.11N specification and use 20MHz and 40MHz bandwidths, respectively. “Up to 300Mbps” will provide the maximum performance in most cases, “Up to 145Mbps” may work better in areas with more interference from other access points.	0
How does the cradle boost my lte connection?	No SDK at this time.	0
How does the cradle boost my lte connection?	NAND+SDRAM 1G bits + 512M bits	0
How does the neotv streaming player connect to the internet?	The NeoTV Streaming Player connects to the Internet through your home network using either a wireless connection or, if you prefer, an Ethernet cable. For wireless connections, the NeoTV Streaming Player follows the Wi-Fi standard and is compatible with 802.11b, 802.11g and 802.11n networks -- the most common WiFi networks, depending on your specific model. The NeoTV Streaming Player also supports wireless security, including WEP, WPA and WPA2.	1
How does the neotv streaming player connect to the internet?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How does the neotv streaming player connect to the internet?	Press reset button for more than 10sec, WNR1500 will launch reset-to-default process.	0
How does the neotv streaming player connect to the internet?	720p and 1080i.	0
How does the neotv streaming player connect to the internet?	 It should be possible as long as you are using a HDMI to VGA HDCP compliant adapter.	0
How does the neotv streaming player connect to the internet?	No.	0
How does the nighthawk wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	The Nighthawk WiFi Router boosts WiFi speeds on 2.4 GHz with support for 256 QAM. This is a specific mode-Turbo QAM supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more WiFi clients based on 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure that even when you connect on the 2.4 GHz band with these 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	1
How does the nighthawk wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
How does the nighthawk wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	2dBi.	0
How does the nighthawk wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
How does the nighthawk wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001 and XAV1004. It is not compatible with XET1001, XE104, XE102 or HDX101.	0
How does the nighthawk wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	"1. Locate the ""Reset"" button on the rear panel of the modem."	0
How does the nighthawk x6 wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	The Nighthawk X6 Tri - Band Router boosts WiFi speeds on 2.4 GHz with support for 256 QAM. This is a specific mode-Turbo QAM supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more WiFi clients based on 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure that even when you connect on the 2.4 GHz band with these 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	1
How does the nighthawk x6 wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on. We can also tune these channels to make sure they don't interfere with other RF signals – like Amateur Ham Radio operators – in effect, notching out those frequencies from use (effectively using only 917 of the 1155). This reduces overall throughput, but ensures that we don't impact HAM Radio communications.	0
How does the nighthawk x6 wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	The CMD31T supports all major ISP carriers in the US including Comcast, TWC, Charter, Cablevision, Cox as well as CableLabs certified ISPs. Please verify with your ISP if it is CableLabs certified.	0
How does the nighthawk x6 wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	M6100 I/O blades provide two serial ports:	0
How does the nighthawk x6 wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
How does the nighthawk x6 wifi router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	In retrieving the password, the wizard will ask for the device's Serial Number. Once the device confirmed that the Serial Number is correct, answer the 2 Security Questions and then the wizard will display the GUI's password.	0
How does the reset button work?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	1
How does the reset button work?	802.11 g&b Wireless mode: Supports up to 54Mbps.	0
How does the reset button work?	1. Push and hold the WPS button on the side of the PTV3000 unit for more than 5 seconds.	0
How does the reset button work?	This wireless repeating function supports wireless base station mode and repeater mode. Before using it, please make sure all AP devices must use the same SSID, wireless channel, authentication mode & encryption mode.	0
How does the reset button work?	When browsing a song, the UI shows a different length compared to what is shown on the Now Playing screen. This is due to the audio browser showing the song length that was read from the audio file's ID3 tag data. The Now Playing screen actually calculates the duration of the song.	0
How does the reset button work?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 10 seconds. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
How does the router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	The router boosts Wi-Fi speeds on 2.4GHz with support for 256 QAM. 256 QAM is a specific mode supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more Wi-Fi clients with the 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure when you connect to the 2.4GHz band with 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	1
How does the router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX6200 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	0
How does the router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	No. The GTV100 does not support HDCP.	0
How does the router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands ( 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
How does the router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	QoS service works like dividing a cake among all of the guests. The total size of the cake must be known first, before a fair sharing could happen. It is recommended to use “speedtest” for more accurate internet bandwidth detection, in order to have a more optimal Dynamic QoS experience. If you Internet bandwidth changes frequently, you can run “speedtest” once a while to adjust the total bandwidth setting.	0
How does the router support speeds up to 600 mbps on 2.4 ghz?	Yes, the C6300 does support VPN pass-through.	0
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power off mode?	To go to power off mode , press and hold the Security button for 10 seconds or more, then release.Pressing the Security button again powers the unit back on.	1
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power off mode?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS feature of JGS524E would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP.	0
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power off mode?	Wireless Repeating function allows you to make a completely wireless infrastructure. Normally, the access points must be connected with a wire (LAN). These access points create cells allowing a wireless connection. This feature allows the access points to be wirelessly connected. When the structure is too large and is hard to cover using one AP, a second AP would be used as a wireless repeater.	0
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power off mode?	Yes, the PL1000 support QoS (it will leave the packets untouched keeping the prioritization).	0
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power off mode?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power off mode?	Each Ethernet port has two LEDs located on the top of the port jack.	0
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power saving mode?	XAV1201 does not support power saving mode. It only build in power off mode.	1
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power saving mode?	The max power consumption of PL1000 is 3.73 Watts. In standby mode it is 0.49W	0
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power saving mode?	1. NTV550 supports a wide variety of media formats, video and audio codecs, but no player supports all formats/codecs and NTV550 is no exception. To determine the media format and codecs used in a specific media file, browse to the media file from NTV550 and press <Info>, then<Info> again to show the media details. You can also access this information from your PC, by downloading the MediaInfo program (google “MediaInfo”). Scroll down to review the format and codec details.	0
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power saving mode?	WN802T-200 has reduced the size of the access point and changed the color of the case from white to black. The features provided are the same, but there is an improved user interface (GUI) for cleaner navigation of the features.	0
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power saving mode?	A6100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
How does the xav1201 enter or leave power saving mode?	Vista PC enables DHCP broadcasting by default, and this seems to be the cause of this issue. You can either simply power cycle the router to reconnect the wireless adapter, or you can refer to this Microsoft article ([http://support.microsoft.com/kb/928233](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/928233)) for instructions on disabling DHCP broadcasting.	0
How does the xav1301 enter or leave power saving mode?	To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1301 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	1
How does the xav1301 enter or leave power saving mode?	This is due to a recent update done on Microsoft Internet Explorer Windows 8.1 IE 11 ( path 11.0.10 , KB2962872 - 2014/7/8). We are working on a fix and the official firmware update will be released next week..	0
How does the xav1301 enter or leave power saving mode?	"For homes where electrical outlets are at a premium, we recommend to use ""Pass Thru"" powerline products. The Pass Thru products have a built in power outlet. XAVB2501, XAVB1501, and XAVB5501 are examples of Pass Thru products."	0
How does the xav1301 enter or leave power saving mode?	The frequencies used by XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
How does the xav1301 enter or leave power saving mode?	No. XAV101v2 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV101 is only compatible with HomePlug AV devices. Besides, we don’t recommend to put XAV101v2 devices at the co-existence environment with HomePlug 1.0 adapters. The throughput will be impacted by HomePlug 1.0 adapters.	0
How does the xav1301 enter or leave power saving mode?	The D6400 does not come with an installation CD. It has a feature called NETGEAR genie that guides you through the installation of the router.	0
How does the xav1401 enter or leave power saving mode?	 XAV1401V1: To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1401 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	1
How does the xav1401 enter or leave power saving mode?	* Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
How does the xav1401 enter or leave power saving mode?	You cannot disable standby mode (sleep mode). There are no plans add this feature at this time.	0
How does the xav1401 enter or leave power saving mode?	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
How does the xav1401 enter or leave power saving mode?	The R8000 uses 12v-5A power supply. The maximum power draw could be up to 60 watts. However, the usage can be lower due to the number of devices connected to ti and the functionality that is running on the router. Not to mention, the router has many power savings features that can help reduce power consumption such as green power supply, auto-sensing gigabit Ethernet ports, wireless On/Off switch, and wireless scheduling.	0
How does the xav1401 enter or leave power saving mode?	EEE (Energy Efficient Ethernet) is an IEEE standard of 802.3az, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
How does the xav1501 enter or leave power saving mode?	To go to POWER OFF(power saving mode), push and hold the Security/Power button for 5 – 10 seconds. Pressing the button again for less than 2 seconds returns it to POWER ON(normal mode).	1
How does the xav1501 enter or leave power saving mode?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
How does the xav1501 enter or leave power saving mode?	[How do I add disks to an existing X-RAID volume?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21442)	0
How does the xav1501 enter or leave power saving mode?	We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest.	0
How does the xav1501 enter or leave power saving mode?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How does the xav1501 enter or leave power saving mode?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How does the xav1601 enter or leave power saving mode?	To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1601 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	1
How does the xav1601 enter or leave power saving mode?	The R8000 is a Tri-Band router but it does not require a Tri-Band adapter. It means it can broadcast three separate frequencies ( one 2.5Ghz and two 5.0GHz) as long the wireless client can detect one or both it will work.	0
How does the xav1601 enter or leave power saving mode?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
How does the xav1601 enter or leave power saving mode?	Yes, the EVA8000 can play ISO or IFO structured files. While DVD style “menus” won’t play all the content can be accessed, and each IFO or ISO will only be shown once in the media list. Also, the EVA8000 can only playback ISO/IFO/VOBs which are not CSS protected.	0
How does the xav1601 enter or leave power saving mode?	No. V1 firmware image is not compatible with V2 firmware image and vice versa.	0
How does the xav1601 enter or leave power saving mode?	ON/OFF switch           No                Yes	0
How does the xav2501 enter or leave power saving mode?	During normal operation, the XAV2501 automatically goes into power saving mode when the Ethernet link is down for 10 minutes. When in power saving mode, the XAV2501 leaves power saving mode when the Ethernet link is back.	1
How does the xav2501 enter or leave power saving mode?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem products, your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware image to your unit after they have certified it.	0
How does the xav2501 enter or leave power saving mode?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
How does the xav2501 enter or leave power saving mode?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How does the xav2501 enter or leave power saving mode?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
How does the xav2501 enter or leave power saving mode?	WNDR3400v3 has 1 USB 2.0 port.	0
How does time machine work?	Time Machine is in Mac OS X v10.5 and Mac OS X 10.6 or later software that allows Mac users to backup and restore of their computer. It can keep hourly backups for the past 24 hours, daily backups for the past month, and weekly backups until your backup drive is full. The OS only updates things that have changed so the amount of space taken up is minimized.	1
How does time machine work?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004. XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
How does time machine work?	Yes, the GS316 supports Port Auto-Negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	0
How does time machine work?	1. Write down all the settings which you changed from the default values, since you may need to reenter them manually.	0
How does time machine work?	Open source is the software created by a community of people who are dedicated to work together in a collaborative way. The most important difference between software created by the open source communities and commercial software sold by vendors is that open source software is published under licenses that ensure the source code is available to everyone to inspect, change, download, and explore as they wish. The source code can be obtained and improved by anyone with the right skills.	0
How does time machine work?	* Make sure you have added the WN2000RPT MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
How easy is this device to setup and to use?	Very easy!	1
How easy is this device to setup and to use?	* [How do I create a ReadyNAS Vault Account?](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208283016-Register-for-a-ReadyNAS-Vault-Account)	0
How easy is this device to setup and to use?	Wireless Repeating function allows you to make a completely wireless infrastructure. Normally, the access points must be connected with a wire (LAN). These access points create cells allowing a wireless connection. This feature allows the access points to be wirelessly connected. When the structure is too large and is hard to cover using one AP, a second AP would be used as a wireless repeater.	0
How easy is this device to setup and to use?	Yes, the XAVB5601 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
How easy is this device to setup and to use?	Because the M6100 series is designed upon an innovative “distributed fabric” which removes the need for a dedicated supervisory module, while providing a passive backplane, redundant fabric and redundant management – all with non-stop forwarding world-class resiliency and availability. As a result, all four M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) are equipped with dedicated hardware and software high-end distributed fabric on board. When inserted in Slot 1, any I/O blade will handle the Supervisory Role. When inserted in Slot 2, any I/O blade will handle the Back-up Supervisory role. It brings simplicity for management and maintenance or upgrades, while providing better availability and resiliency than any competitive solution in this price range.	0
How easy is this device to setup and to use?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
How far away can you see activity in the dark?	The IR lamp included with your VueZone Night Vision Camera will provide visibility of 25 feet. You can purchase more powerful IR illuminators from a variety of sources, and any 850 nm illuminator is compatible with the VueZone Night Vision Camera.	1
How far away can you see activity in the dark?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How far away can you see activity in the dark?	OpenVPN is the same as VPN passthrough. No configuration needed on the router to setup the VPN. This requires VPN client software to setup the connection.	0
How far away can you see activity in the dark?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
How far away can you see activity in the dark?	Please check whether you have a DECT cordless phone. If so, please make sure its base station is not within 3 feet (1 meter) of the router, otherwise, their signals will get mixed and you’ll experience connection issues to the router.	0
How far away can you see activity in the dark?	* ReadyNAS storage systems. For step-by-step instructions, see the following KB articles:	0
How far can i place my arlo q camera from my router?	Place your Arlo camera within 300 feet of your Wi-Fi router. This distance can vary depending on obstacles such as concrete or stucco walls, metallic barriers, or Wi-Fi interference.	1
How far can i place my arlo q camera from my router?	The password can be restored with the Factory Defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
How far can i place my arlo q camera from my router?	* [PTVU1000_FAQ.pdf ](https://www.downloads.netgear.com/files/answer_media/rn_assets/PTVU1000_FAQ.pdf) (367.36 KB)	0
How far can i place my arlo q camera from my router?	The EX7000 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the extender. You can use wireless device to connect to the default SSID 'NETGEAR_EXT' without security first. Then open EX7000 Web GUI. You can refer to the IG Card or booklet that comes with gift box for more details.	0
How far can i place my arlo q camera from my router?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
How far can i place my arlo q camera from my router?	To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1601 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
How fast are cable gateways?	Cable gateways offer Internet access at speeds up to 100 times faster than a traditional phone modem. You can experience speeds of over 1,000 Kbps. Due to network condition such as traffic volume and the speed of the sites you visit, actual speed may vary. Many network and other factors can affect download speeds. Please check with service provider to check for actual speed offered.	1
How fast are cable gateways?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGN2200 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
How fast are cable gateways?	When plugged into a the lower terminal of vertical two socket wall outlet, the PLP1200 may interfere with some, larger plugs. However, almost all 2 prong plugs and many 3 prong plugs will still fit.	0
How fast are cable gateways?	Factory reset can be accomplished by holding the hardware reset button for one second or using the software Factory Reset button via the NETGEAR genie.	0
How fast are cable gateways?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using 2 options:	0
How fast are cable gateways?	* For each XAVB6504 device, press its Security button for 1.5, 5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
How fast are cable modems?	Cable modems offer Internet access at speeds up to 100 times faster than a traditional phone modem. You can experience speeds of over 1,000 Kbps. Due to network condition such as traffic volume and the speed of the sites you visit, actual speed may vary. Many network and other factors can affect download speeds. Please check with service provider to check for actual speed offered.	1
How fast are cable modems?	Since these files are protected, they can only be played if served from a PC using Windows Media Connect or the Intel Viiv Media Server. Other third-party media servers will not work.	0
How fast are cable modems?	This is a known issue on the CM600. Reboot the modem to fix the issue. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
How fast are cable modems?	No. XAVB2001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
How fast are cable modems?	We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest.	0
How fast are cable modems?	It might be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply. The Nighthawk might not be able to supply the power requirement of this enclosure due to its multiple drives.	0
How fast the connection can be established upon updating the firmware to version 1.0.0.24?	It should reconnect immediately, however it might take some time if your location is way too far from the DSLAM in your area.	1
How fast the connection can be established upon updating the firmware to version 1.0.0.24?	The PL1000 adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The PLW1000 will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
How fast the connection can be established upon updating the firmware to version 1.0.0.24?	Yes, the WNR2000v4 supports WPS. You can use the hardware button located in front or use the WPS using the wizard on the NETGEAR genie.	0
How fast the connection can be established upon updating the firmware to version 1.0.0.24?	NETGEAR recommends using up to 8 power line devices.	0
How fast the connection can be established upon updating the firmware to version 1.0.0.24?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some service providers require that you subscribe to a basic TV service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
How fast the connection can be established upon updating the firmware to version 1.0.0.24?	There is no option to change output power on the wireless. The only alternative is to optimize the wireless settings and choosing the best location for the router.	0
How fastbackbone feature works?	The FastBackbone feature allows for faster convergence time when an indirect link to root fails. When a root port or blocked port receives an inferior BPDU from the designated switch on that port, the switch infers that an indirect link to the root has failed. To speed up convergence, the max age timer is immediately expired and the port is put through the Listening and Learning states.	1
How fastbackbone feature works?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How fastbackbone feature works?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PLP1200 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
How fastbackbone feature works?	The USB connection only works with USB Storage devices that DO NOT have an internal USB hub. The file formats recognized are FAT, FAT32, NTFS, MacOS X (HFS+, not older HFS), and ext2/3 formatted drives.	0
How fastbackbone feature works?	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	0
How fastbackbone feature works?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
How fastuplink feature works?	The FastUplink feature is used for quick selection of a port with lowest cost, when the root port fails. In other words, FastUplink feature is used to reduce the time taken to converge, when a link fails. This feature is similar to Cisco® Uplink Fast feature. When the primary link fails, FastUplink will create an alternate path immediately. Since the ports that apply FastUplink don’t have to wait for normal convergence time, this will speed up the transition from the failed primary link to the backup link (the port in a blocking state).	1
How fastuplink feature works?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
How fastuplink feature works?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid green before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid green, check the DSL connectionis connected to the DSL RJ11 port on the modem router.	0
How fastuplink feature works?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How fastuplink feature works?	In retrieving the password, the wizard will ask for the device's Serial Number. Once the device confirmed that the Serial Number is correct, answer the 2 Security Questions and then the wizard will display the GUI's password.	0
How fastuplink feature works?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How is 11ac beamforming different from 11n beamforming?	The key difference between 11n beamforming and 11ac beamforming is that Wi-Fi Alliance had no interoperability specification for 802.11n beamforming. The 802.11n beamforming standard was not very clearly defined, making 802.11n beamforming implementation a proprietary feature with no interoperability between different vendors.	1
How is 11ac beamforming different from 11n beamforming?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
How is 11ac beamforming different from 11n beamforming?	Unfortunately, the problem is with the HipServ application and this error has nothing to do with the Stora.	0
How is 11ac beamforming different from 11n beamforming?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
How is 11ac beamforming different from 11n beamforming?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, SSID and strong Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) data encryption/authentication is automatically configured.	0
How is 11ac beamforming different from 11n beamforming?	The R6300 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6300 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	0
How is dgn1000 better than my old wireless-g router?	DGN1000 is based on the new 802.11n technology with provides much faster speeds (Up to	1
How is dgn1000 better than my old wireless-g router?	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate WiFi networks simultaneously using both 2.4- and 5- frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated WiFi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
How is dgn1000 better than my old wireless-g router?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
How is dgn1000 better than my old wireless-g router?	It is recommended to buy a Wireless-N Adapter for best performance and upgrade your Wireless-G based Notebooks and desktops.	0
How is dgn1000 better than my old wireless-g router?	There is no option to change wireless output power. The only alternative is to optimize the wireless settings and choose the best location for the router.	0
How is dgn1000 better than my old wireless-g router?	DDR3 non-buffered ECC DIMM, see compatible memory type here	0
How is dgn2200 better than my older wireless router?	The DGN2200 is based on the new 802.11n technology with provides much faster speeds (Up to 15x) and better range (up to 5x) than a Wireless-G router.	1
How is dgn2200 better than my older wireless router?	The default URL is [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [http://www.mywifiext.com](http://www.mywifiext.com). Before you access this URL, you have to connect your PC to WN2500RP first.	0
How is dgn2200 better than my older wireless router?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
How is dgn2200 better than my older wireless router?	1. For fastest media browsing, add media locations on your network to the NTV550 library. Media locations that you’ve added to the library are automatically scanned for media and categorized. Once media has been categorized, you can browse it instantly from the Video, Music, and Photos menus by selecting “Browse Categories”, “Browse all NNN videos/songs”, or “Browse recently added”. You can narrow down your selections by any of the available categories, including Artist, Cast, Director, Rating, Year, Duration, etc.	0
How is dgn2200 better than my older wireless router?	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide the best performance when using WNA3100.	0
How is dgn2200 better than my older wireless router?	Yes. 2 skins are included by default, and others can be added to the data save location and loaded onto the EVA.	0
How is dynamic qos different from other qos services?	To meet the demands of today’s—and tomorrow’s—network reality, NETGEAR developed Dynamic QoS. Dynamic Qos gives the Nighthawk X4 the intelligence to deliver quality of service that is both application and device aware.	1
How is dynamic qos different from other qos services?	To play all the files in a list, press the PLAY/PAUSE button on the remote control. Pressing the OK button will only play the selected file.	0
How is dynamic qos different from other qos services?	It might be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply. The Nighthawk might not be able to supply the power requirement of this enclosure due to its multiple drives.	0
How is dynamic qos different from other qos services?	Make sure that the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the WN3500RP and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
How is dynamic qos different from other qos services?	"Please login to the Genie GUI first, then select ""ADVANCED"" tab, then click ""Administration"", ""Set Password"" menu. After entering in the new password, please click the ""Apply"" button for it to take effect."	0
How is dynamic qos different from other qos services?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product .	0
"How is netgear dgnd3700 being ""all-in-one"" broadband router?"	DGND3700 not only come integrated with the ADSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	1
"How is netgear dgnd3700 being ""all-in-one"" broadband router?"	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5101 Configuration utility.	0
"How is netgear dgnd3700 being ""all-in-one"" broadband router?"	MicroUSB can be used as a power source for PR2000 from a laptop USB port while traveling. The USB 2.0 port can be used for ReadySHARE Storage or printer function when PR2000 is powered by Alternative Current (AC) source. USB 2.0 port can also act as a charger for your portable device, such as cell phone when PR2000 is plugged in (AC) socket.	0
"How is netgear dgnd3700 being ""all-in-one"" broadband router?"	Yes, R6220 supports VLAN/IPTV with firmware version 1.1.0.34 or newer.	0
"How is netgear dgnd3700 being ""all-in-one"" broadband router?"	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
"How is netgear dgnd3700 being ""all-in-one"" broadband router?"	The JNR3210/JNR3000 is not shipped with an install CD (PE SKU has a CD but only docs in the CD). JNR3210/JNR3000 supports CD-less installation.	0
How is netgear dgnd3700 being “all-in-one” broadband router?	DGND3700 not only come integrated with the ADSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	1
How is netgear dgnd3700 being “all-in-one” broadband router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How is netgear dgnd3700 being “all-in-one” broadband router?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How is netgear dgnd3700 being “all-in-one” broadband router?	The Channel of EX6200 is the same as the home network in internet surfing mode. You need to change home network's channel in order to change EX6200's channel.	0
How is netgear dgnd3700 being “all-in-one” broadband router?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an airplay device ready, such as Apple TV or airplay ready receivers.	0
How is netgear dgnd3700 being “all-in-one” broadband router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How is netgear dgnd3800b being “all-in-one” broadband router?	DGND3800B not only come integrated with the DSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	1
How is netgear dgnd3800b being “all-in-one” broadband router?	The frequencies used by XAVB2001 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
How is netgear dgnd3800b being “all-in-one” broadband router?	The fastest performance is with 150 Mbps, however this uses the 40 MHz frequency and may interfere with other wireless devices in the 2.4 GHz band such as other 802.11 equipment. To avoid this, you can set the router to work in the same 20 MHz bandwidth as 801.11b/g equipment, which reduces its maximum performance to 65 Mbps.	0
How is netgear dgnd3800b being “all-in-one” broadband router?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
How is netgear dgnd3800b being “all-in-one” broadband router?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands ( 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
How is netgear dgnd3800b being “all-in-one” broadband router?	Because data traffic routed through the Extender network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing network if the connection is good enough. NETGEAR recommends that you only connect through the Extender network when the PC is in a “dead zone” where connection is very poor or non-existent from the existing network.	0
How is the arlo q picture and audio quality?	Arlo Q delivers video in 1080p HD. It also comes with two-way audio so that you can both listen and talk back and forth.	1
How is the arlo q picture and audio quality?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
How is the arlo q picture and audio quality?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How is the arlo q picture and audio quality?	The power LED blinking, indicates your router has corrupted firmware. There is a router firmware recovery utility in the router Resource CD. Please run the CD on a PC that is connected to the router (it is OK and normal for your PC NOT to receive an IP address as the router software is corrupted), select “Supporting Software”, and run “NETGEAR Firmware Recovery Utility”. This utility should be able to recover your router in approximately 15 minutes. Please do not unplug or disconnect anything during the recovery process.	0
How is the arlo q picture and audio quality?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV5001 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
How is the arlo q picture and audio quality?	Yes. The R6100 WiFi Router is backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
How is the performance compared to dgn2200?	The ADSL throughput is comparable. The WiFi throughput is comparable, and the number of WiFi devices that can be connected is comparable. The difference is in the number Ethernet ports that are available. Furthermore, the D1500 does not have USB port, as does DGN2200.	1
How is the performance compared to dgn2200?	Launch the Wireless Configuration Utility by clicking on the icon in your OS notifications area. Select your network and click Connect.	0
How is the performance compared to dgn2200?	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate WiFi networks simultaneously using both 2.4- and 5- frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated WiFi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
How is the performance compared to dgn2200?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connection, by design.	0
How is the performance compared to dgn2200?	The XWNB5201 powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
How is the performance compared to dgn2200?	The following features require the Digital Entertainer software to be running on a PC:	0
How large a home can i cover using powerline?	The limiting factor is often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance overhead to overcome the increased attenuation caused by longer wiring runs.	1
How large a home can i cover using powerline?	The  NIGHTHAWK X4 R7500 ROUTER has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side of the router.	0
How large a home can i cover using powerline?	Please double check the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct.	0
How large a home can i cover using powerline?	No, your DM111PSPv2 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
How large a home can i cover using powerline?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
How large a home can i cover using powerline?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How long does it take r6400 to scan all of the music files on readyshare drive?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	1
How long does it take r6400 to scan all of the music files on readyshare drive?	No; your existing adapter will work with a Wireless-N router, but you will not experience the best performance.To get the most out of a Wireless-N router, upgrade your computers and laptops to Wireless-N adapters.	0
How long does it take r6400 to scan all of the music files on readyshare drive?	During the installation process (via the web genie interface), the router accesses the NETGEAR web site for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the router user interface also supports auto firmware upgrade. Auto upgrade will check for the latest firmware on the NETGEAR web site every time you log into the router.	0
How long does it take r6400 to scan all of the music files on readyshare drive?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How long does it take r6400 to scan all of the music files on readyshare drive?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How long does it take r6400 to scan all of the music files on readyshare drive?	No. The EX6100 set as an access point should be connected to a router. It is still the router's part to be the DHCP server.	0
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare for itunes server?	It depends on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE hard drive. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	1
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare for itunes server?	Yes, your cable TV line can carry the TV signal while you send and receive information on the Internet.	0
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare for itunes server?	Yes. The XWN5021 supports power saving mode. By default, the power saving mode function is disabled.	0
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare for itunes server?	* [ReadyCLOUD Permissions](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24927)	0
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare for itunes server?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare for itunes server?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	1
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare?	No, the PLP1200 does not support QoS.	0
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare?	It depends on the mode you have selected. The extender is designed to connect wirelessly to the router in “Extender” mode and to connect with an Ethernet cable to the router in “Access Point” mode.	0
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare?	The DC113A cradle will improve the antenna performance on your connected mobile hotspot by ~5dB. This will be noticeable on your device when the device is in poor to medium signal strength (between 1 and 3 bars, typically). If there is absolutely no signal where you are, the cradle can’t help. Conversely, if the cradle is right next to the cell tower and has full bars, the cradle can’t improve that either. However, if you are somewhere between no signal and full bars, the cradle will definitely improve signal strength.	0
How long does it take to scan music files on readyshare?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	0
How many antennas are present in wnr3500?	WNR3500v1 uses 8 internal smart antennas and WNR3500v2 uses 3 internal smart antennas to provide a better networking experience for customers. With internal antennas, the router can combine the signals from multiple antennas to deliver a stronger signal, eliminating the need to adjust and possibly damaging an external antenna. The result is an attractive, durable, high performance wireless router.	1
How many antennas are present in wnr3500?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
How many antennas are present in wnr3500?	While channel 2-4 use standard SATA connector, channel 1 uses SFF-8639 connector which supports NVMe drive. NVMe support is experimental. NETGEAR does not support it on RN3138 at this time.	0
How many antennas are present in wnr3500?	No, your D6200 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
How many antennas are present in wnr3500?	The DGND3700v2 does not come with an install CD, it supports simple browser based install using NETGEAR genie application that will help configure the router.	0
How many antennas are present in wnr3500?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601 and XAV1401 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
How many antennas does netgear dg834nv2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	The NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses 2 antennas. The transmit function uses up to 2 antennas and the receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	1
How many antennas does netgear dg834nv2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	No, when you configure your device for ReadyCLOUD, you can register your new product to a MyNETGEAR.com.com account and use the MyNETGEAR login to begin using ReadyCLOUD.	0
How many antennas does netgear dg834nv2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
How many antennas does netgear dg834nv2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	DGND3700 product is the most powerful and full featured DSL router compared to any DSL wireless router in the market today. With a Dual core processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
How many antennas does netgear dg834nv2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	ReadySHARE Cloud gives you remote access over the Internet to a USB storage device that is connected to your router’s USB port.	0
How many antennas does netgear dg834nv2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	No, WN111v2 does not support WLAN Turbo-G mode. The maximum link rate for a Turbo-G AP is 54Mbps.encryption.	0
How many antennas does netgear dgn2200 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	The NETGEAR DGN2200 uses 2 antennas. The transmit function uses up to 2 antennas and the receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	1
How many antennas does netgear dgn2200 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	Yes, R6220 Wi-Fi Router is backwards compatible with legacy Wi-Fi standards.	0
How many antennas does netgear dgn2200 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	In a typical situation where signal strength is improved, the data throughput will also be improved. However, there are many factors and variables impacting data speeds such as amount of traffic on the network, number of people connecting to the same network cell, the type of data you are accessing, etc. So, it also possible that in some circumstances the signal on the device is significantly improved, but the data speeds will remain the same. Most often this is when the network is slow and even the weaker signal is getting maximum throughput.	0
How many antennas does netgear dgn2200 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	"* Select ""No, I want to configure the Internet connection myself."" option on the wizard page and click """"Next""""."	0
How many antennas does netgear dgn2200 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	The 20/40MHz Connection is enabled. This is a feature on the router to make the 2.4GHz frequency connection become more stable on the router since there is a lot of interference when using this frequency. You can enable/disable this feature by going to Advanced > Advanced Setup > Wireless Settings.	0
How many antennas does netgear dgn2200 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	* The update process is completed when the onscreen progress bar completes. During the firmware update, the Power LED blinks amber. After the firmware update is done, the router restarts and the Power LED illuminates solid amber.	0
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v2. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	1
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	No, the cable router should automatically be provisioned by the service provider. Please contact your service provider if the unit is unable to connect online.	0
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	Since the computer is the one acting as a DLNA server, then it would be the media player of the computer that would help with the detection of the MKV file. You can play different file formats depending on the codec used by the media player.	0
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	The Reset button is on the bottom of the unit. Use a paper clip to press and hold the  RESET button for 10 seconds.	0
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	The R7300 DST comes with a 1 year warranty which is handled by GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for warranty assistance.	0
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v2 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	The operational temperature is -5 to 55ºC (23 to 122ºF).	0
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v3 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v3. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	1
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v3 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v3 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v3 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	"C6250 has SIP ALG enabled by default. Some of the new SIP applications may not work well with SIP ALG enabled. Please disable SIP ALG from Advanced > Setup > WAN Setup and check ""disable SIP ALG"""	0
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v3 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	Yes! With the free remote access function and an Internet connection, you can access your Stora to view or stream content over any web enabled device anywhere in the world at anytime.	0
How many antennas does netgear wnr2000v3 use? how many are used for transmit and how many are used for receive?	You can enable the XWN5001 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	0
How many antennas does the dgnd4000 have?	This model have 5 internal antennas, 3 for 5GHz and 2 for 2.4GHz.	1
How many antennas does the dgnd4000 have?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
How many antennas does the dgnd4000 have?	The antennas are 3 dBi.	0
How many antennas does the dgnd4000 have?	No, currently the EVA doesn’t support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
How many antennas does the dgnd4000 have?	The Restore Factory Settings button is located on the bottom of the unit.While the adapter is turned on and wait until the LED turns amber and the TV screen shows “Ready for Connection”, press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button for more than 5 seconds until the LED on the front starts blinking.Release the Restore Factory Settings button and the adapter will reboot and restore factory settings.	0
How many antennas does the dgnd4000 have?	The C3700 may inadvertently operate within a currently unsupported 5GHz Wi-Fi channel that has not been approved for use by NETGEAR.	0
How many clients can i connect wirelessly to the device?	The maximum WiFi clients supported is 32.	1
How many clients can i connect wirelessly to the device?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
How many clients can i connect wirelessly to the device?	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC .	0
How many clients can i connect wirelessly to the device?	Yes. The XWN5001 adapter supports power saving mode function. By default the power saving mode function of XWN5001 WiFi AP is disabled.	0
How many clients can i connect wirelessly to the device?	This is just the same as the normal bridge mode. We recommend to use 2 R7000s to get optimal connection on bridging.	0
How many clients can i connect wirelessly to the device?	WNDR3700 product is the most powerful and full featured router compared to any wireless router in the market today. With a 680 MHz power processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that WNDR3700 provides.	0
How many computers or devices can be connected wirelessly to a router at the same time?	Any number of devices can be connected wirelessly to the router; however, performance might noticeably decrease with each additional device. Three to five devices should be able to use the same wireless connection without a noticeable decrease in network responsiveness.	1
How many computers or devices can be connected wirelessly to a router at the same time?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the EX7000 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
How many computers or devices can be connected wirelessly to a router at the same time?	Yes.	0
How many computers or devices can be connected wirelessly to a router at the same time?	Yes, WNR2200 supports FAT16, FAT32, NTFS, NTFS compressed, and ext2 file systems.	0
How many computers or devices can be connected wirelessly to a router at the same time?	The EVA8000 is not designed to drive simultaneous outputs.	0
How many computers or devices can be connected wirelessly to a router at the same time?	The max power consumption of PL1000 is 3.73 Watts. In standby mode it is 0.49W	0
How many devices can i connect to wnce4004 and at what wifi speed?	WNCE4004 supports connection of up to 4 Ethernet enabled devices at WiFi speed of 450Mbps on the 2.4GHz band or 450Mbps on the 5GHz band.	1
How many devices can i connect to wnce4004 and at what wifi speed?	* Move WN31000RP closer to your router.	0
How many devices can i connect to wnce4004 and at what wifi speed?	802.11 g&b Wireless mode: Supports up to 54Mbps.	0
How many devices can i connect to wnce4004 and at what wifi speed?	[How can I backup Windows shares with files with foreign characters in their names?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
How many devices can i connect to wnce4004 and at what wifi speed?	It is likely that the extender is placed at the borderline of the range covered by the router. To resolve this, follow the instructions in Getting Started on page 6. If you are using WEP security, make sure that you are typing the wireless key in the correct field.	0
How many devices can i connect to wnce4004 and at what wifi speed?	1. Log in the administration web interface.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6250 support?	The C6250 supports up to 16 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	1
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6250 support?	[Official 6.4.1](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30110)	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6250 support?	"The Remote control touch pad has two modes. D-PAD (Up/Down/Left/Right/OK) or Touch Pad (Mouse, mouse click) modes. If the touch pad is in D-PAD mode, the center dot works as ""OK"". If the touch pad is in mouse mode, the center dot works as a mouse click. To enter Mouse pad mode swipe the touch pad, and to enter D-PAD mode click the Up/Down/Left/Right buttons."	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6250 support?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5501 Configuration utility.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6250 support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6250 support?	No, If you need support for a downloaded application you need to go to the person or company that created the application.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6300 support?	The C6300 supports up to 16 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	1
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6300 support?	"The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web GUI. Go to BASIC > xDSL and change “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply”. Alternatively you can configure this setting under Advanced Settings via ADVANCED > SETUP > ADSL SETTINGS and change the “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply""."	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6300 support?	* Make sure your PC is set to obtain IP address automatically (or DHCP).	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6300 support?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only the music files are supported.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6300 support?	No, ASP150W cannot be used in other M4300 models.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c6300 support?	DGND3700 automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the Internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c7000 support?	The C7000 supports up to 24 downstream and 8 upstream channels.	1
How many downstream/upstream channels does c7000 support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c7000 support?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c7000 support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c7000 support?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does c7000 support?	ReadySHARE USB Storage Access allows you to share the content of a hard disk or memory stick connected to the XAU2511 USB port across your home network.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does the cm600 modem support?	The CM600 supports up to 24 downstream channels and 8 upstream channels.	1
How many downstream/upstream channels does the cm600 modem support?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does the cm600 modem support?	XAV1201 does not support power saving mode. It only build in power off mode.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does the cm600 modem support?	Yes, it will work with your current wireless products as Wireless-N is backward compatible to older generation Wireless-G. It is recommended that you upgrade your Wireless-G based notebooks and Desktops to Wireless-N by using a Wireless-N Adapter.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does the cm600 modem support?	N450 supports IPv6.	0
How many downstream/upstream channels does the cm600 modem support?	You can use a USB External Hard Drives for ReadySHARE feature.	0
How many ethernet ports does wndr3400v3 have?	WNDR3400v3 has 5 Ethernet ports (1 WAN and 4 LAN).	1
How many ethernet ports does wndr3400v3 have?	Primarily the cradle changes the direction that the antenna radiates its energy. The mobile hotspot by itself, necessarily, has to radiate its antenna energy in all directions at once. When the device is mobile, it’s impossible to know how it will be positioned relative to the nearest base station (lying flat, in a pocket horizontally, in a bag vertically, etc.). The cradle, however, only radiates energy horizontally, and looks for signal relatively close to the ground, not up in the air or straight down. It can do this because once the cradle is set up and the mobile hotspot is docked, the device no longer changes its position relative to the base station, it’s always upright in the cradle, on the same horizontal plane.	0
How many ethernet ports does wndr3400v3 have?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WNR2000v3, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network. We also recommend that you configure a security mode and passphrase for your Guest Network different from your primary wireless network as an added security.	0
How many ethernet ports does wndr3400v3 have?	Yes. The switch On/Off is only affecting the networking part. The Pass through socket will still provide power for the devices plugged in.	0
How many ethernet ports does wndr3400v3 have?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
How many ethernet ports does wndr3400v3 have?	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select “ADVANCED” tab, then click “Administration”, “Set Password” menu. After entering in the new password, please click the “Apply” button for it to take effect.	0
How many mac address table does fs105v3 support?	2K	1
How many mac address table does fs105v3 support?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
How many mac address table does fs105v3 support?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that both the router link LED and the client link LED are lit and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](http://kb.netgear.com/euf/rightnow/optimized/1387047160/themes/standard/www.mywifiext.net).	0
How many mac address table does fs105v3 support?	By default, the PL1000 device and PLW1000 use the same default encryption key so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
How many mac address table does fs105v3 support?	Please DO NOT power off or reboot the device during firmware upgrade, otherwise, it may result to a corrupted firmware and cause the device not to work.	0
How many mac address table does fs105v3 support?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
How many mac address table entries does the gs316 support?	16K.	1
How many mac address table entries does the gs316 support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and imiproved features to your product.	0
How many mac address table entries does the gs316 support?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the WiFi Booster network. In your browser, type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, as illustrated in Step 4 on the first page of this Installation Guide. If you still cannot access the WiFi Booster, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET.	0
How many mac address table entries does the gs316 support?	There are two radios built into the DGND3300(B), one transmitting at 2.4GHz for 802.11g/802.11b and one for transmitting at 5GHz/2.4GHz for 802.11a/802.11n.	0
How many mac address table entries does the gs316 support?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
How many mac address table entries does the gs316 support?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device and see if it works.	0
How many mac address table entries does the gs324 support?	8K.	1
How many mac address table entries does the gs324 support?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
How many mac address table entries does the gs324 support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How many mac address table entries does the gs324 support?	Yes, there's a USB port on the back of the R6220; it's a USB 2.0 port. You can use this USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready Share printer.	0
How many mac address table entries does the gs324 support?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
How many mac address table entries does the gs324 support?	The Stora setup requires an Internet connection to register your Stora name, user name and password to our central server. Your user credentials are needed to log in to your Stora locally or remotely.	0
How many network ports are available on the 3138? can these ports be bonded together?	There are total of 4 1Gb Ethernet ports. All support WOL. These ports can also be bonded together.	1
How many network ports are available on the 3138? can these ports be bonded together?	The top of the wireless router includes a dome with status lights that identify the status of the selected option you chose for either Wireless data status (default), Guest Network status, Live Parental Controls status, or Broadband Usage Meter status. You can select your preferred option in router’s GUI	0
How many network ports are available on the 3138? can these ports be bonded together?	Switching ISP has nothing to do with projection. The problem might be due to copyrights protection.	0
How many network ports are available on the 3138? can these ports be bonded together?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
How many network ports are available on the 3138? can these ports be bonded together?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
How many network ports are available on the 3138? can these ports be bonded together?	Active antennas are designed by NETGEAR. It improves both the Wi-Fi speed and range for Wi-Fi clients connected to the R8300. The main purposes of this design is to avoid noise from the main board from interfering with the Wi-Fi signal, and to increase power to achieve greater Wi-Fi performance and range.	0
How many numbers of downstream/upstream channels are supported on the cmd31t?	The CMD31T supports up to 4 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	1
How many numbers of downstream/upstream channels are supported on the cmd31t?	* Make sure the WLAN LED is green. If it is not green color, move WNCE2001 closer to your AP.	0
How many numbers of downstream/upstream channels are supported on the cmd31t?	"Due to the implementation of the dynamic QoS feature on v1.0.2.44 and higher, the ""Edit"" option is now moved under ""Attached Devices"" option under the Basic tab. You can edit your devices there.."	0
How many numbers of downstream/upstream channels are supported on the cmd31t?	[Backups are failing when using rsync. Why?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21524)	0
How many numbers of downstream/upstream channels are supported on the cmd31t?	NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses two dipole antennas mounted inside the router case. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments; users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
How many numbers of downstream/upstream channels are supported on the cmd31t?	The power consumption of XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 is 2.0 Watts in 110V AC and 2.3 Watts in 220V AC.	0
How many port forwarding entries for home routers?	64 entries is allowed for new routers (i.e. Nighthawks), while 20 for older routers.	1
How many port forwarding entries for home routers?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
How many port forwarding entries for home routers?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How many port forwarding entries for home routers?	You can leave the NETGEAR router on all the time. There is no need to turn the router off.	0
How many port forwarding entries for home routers?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
How many port forwarding entries for home routers?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How many ports are supported?	The M6100-3S chassis supports a maximum of 144 RJ45 10/100/1000 ports, or 120 SFP 100/1000 ports, or 72 RJ45 10GBASE-T ports, or 48 SFP+ 1000/10GBASE-X ports, or a combination.	1
How many ports are supported?	During installation the firmware will automatically check for newer versions and download the new firmware if found. After download the new firmware needs to be installed manually.	0
How many ports are supported?	The Powerline adapter can only be awoken by a device that is connected to its Ethernet port, not via the power outlet. So, if the Powerline adapter is asleep, it can't pass data to the printer (or NAS), only FROM the printer..	0
How many ports are supported?	8K.	0
How many ports are supported?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How many ports are supported?	"Launch web browser to log in GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	0
How many powerline adapters can i add to my network?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	1
How many powerline adapters can i add to my network?	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change, SSID, WPA Keys, etc.) will be reset to original factory default values.	0
How many powerline adapters can i add to my network?	The user can either press the Reset button for 1 second or click the “Factory Reset” button on the Coming NETGEAR genie Release.	0
How many powerline adapters can i add to my network?	* WNDR3800 only support “GUID Partition Table” and “Master Boot Record” in partition table format. It does not support “Apple Partition Map” format. Work-around: Change partition map to Master Boot record format.	0
How many powerline adapters can i add to my network?	The default URL is [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [http://www.mywifiext.com](http://www.mywifiext.com). Before you access this URL, you have to connect your PC to WN2500RP first.	0
How many powerline adapters can i add to my network?	1. Press the reset button on the bottom until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5 to 10 seconds.	0
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network, and how many does netgear recommend?	NETGEAR recommends using up to 8 power line devices.	1
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network, and how many does netgear recommend?	Dynamic QoS is a feature that tries to best utilize the current bandwidth and allocate resource to the most needed application or device. Not seeing an obvious effect, does not mean it is not working:	0
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network, and how many does netgear recommend?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes in amber.	0
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network, and how many does netgear recommend?	C7000 has SIP ALG enabled by default. Some of the new SIP applications may not work well with SIP ALG enabled. Please disable SIP ALG from Advanced > Setup > WAN Setup and check “disable SIP ALG”.	0
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network, and how many does netgear recommend?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA3100v2.	0
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network, and how many does netgear recommend?	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support port auto negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	0
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network?	You can add up to eight powerline devices.	1
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network?	ReadyNAS is the most sophisticated storage product for Small Businesses in the market. Included in ReadyNAS are the same data protection features found in Enterprise storage solutions like Snapshots. Snapshots provide continuous data protection and the ability to restore files and iSCSI LUNs to any point in time. All of this protection can be automated and requires no end-user intervention. Users can restore their own files from the past providing a complete self-service IT solution.	0
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to Airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an Airplay device ready, such as Apple TV or Airplay ready receivers.	0
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network?	The frequencies used by XAVB5601 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network?	AC329U supports up to 21.6Mbps @ Downlink and 5.76Mbps @ uplink. The detail spec as shown below: HSPA+ (21 Mbps), HSUPA (5.76 Mbps), UMTS (384 Kbps), EDGE (237 Kbps), GPRS (85.6 Kbps)	0
How many powerlines can i add to my powerline network?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (and not iPhone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPsec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
How many units of mca1001v2 can be connected to build a network?	The MCA1001 can support up to 16 units on a network.	1
How many units of mca1001v2 can be connected to build a network?	The Stora setup requires an Internet connection to register your Stora name, user name and password to our central server. Your user credentials are needed to log in to your Stora locally or remotely.	0
How many units of mca1001v2 can be connected to build a network?	* Make sure that the computer and the Digital Entertainer HD are connected to the same network and turned on.	0
How many units of mca1001v2 can be connected to build a network?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
How many units of mca1001v2 can be connected to build a network?	Yes. Even if your laptop has sound muted, the sound for the media you are playing will play on your TV.	0
How many units of mca1001v2 can be connected to build a network?	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
How many usb ports does it have?	WNDR3400v3 has 1 USB 2.0 port.	1
How many usb ports does it have?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable internet service. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
How many usb ports does it have?	The Powerline adapter can only be awoken by a device that is connected to its Ethernet port, not via the power outlet. So, if the Powerline adapter is asleep, it can't pass data to the printer (or NAS), only FROM the printer..	0
How many usb ports does it have?	1. Verify that the NTV550 unit is powered on. Note that after plugging in the unit, the unit remains off until you press the Power button on the front of the unit, right side.	0
How many usb ports does it have?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
How many usb ports does it have?	No, your DGN2200v4 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
How many users can netgear gateway can support?	By default it supports up to 20 users, each assigned a unique IP address, on a Class C network.	1
How many users can netgear gateway can support?	Please make sure that the power switch at the rear is pushed to ON position.	0
How many users can netgear gateway can support?	Yes, any M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) support hot-swap and hot-plug.	0
How many users can netgear gateway can support?	 No, it will not work.	0
How many users can netgear gateway can support?	,	0
How many users can netgear gateway can support?	,	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6250 have?	C6250 is a dual-band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device's capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	1
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6250 have?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6250 have?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6250 have?	"The Night Vision Camera uses the same batteries as all other VueZone cameras - ""photo 123 batteries."""	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6250 have?	"XAV2602 is one of ""Pass Thru"" Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won't be able to occupy the original electrical outlet."	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6250 have?	Yes. By default the router will check for newer firmware every day (4 AM local time) and install it if available. The time and frequency can be updated in the settings.	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6300 have?	C6300 is a dual band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device’s capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	1
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6300 have?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6300 have?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6300 have?	That means  NIGHTHAWK X4 R7500 ROUTER does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. If you plug USB storage before router power on, please re-test again, but this time please plug USB storage after router is system ready (Power LED is in white color), and see if it works.	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6300 have?	The frequencies used by XAVB5602 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c6300 have?	The FastBackbone feature allows for faster convergence time when an indirect link to root fails. When a root port or blocked port receives an inferior BPDU from the designated switch on that port, the switch infers that an indirect link to the root has failed. To speed up convergence, the max age timer is immediately expired and the port is put through the Listening and Learning states.	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c7000 have?	C7000 is a dual-band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device’s capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	1
How many wi-fi ssids does the c7000 have?	UserName: admin	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c7000 have?	1. Connect a computer to the NETGEAR router and launch a web browser.	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c7000 have?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c7000 have?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. GSS116E supports the Auto DoS but GSS108E doesn’t.	0
How many wi-fi ssids does the c7000 have?	No, DM200 VDSL/ADSL modem is not compatible with AT&T U-verse service but it will work fine with standard AT&T DSL service.	0
How many wifi devices can the aircard smart cradle connect?	Connects up to 20 Wi-Fi enabled devices simultaneously.	1
How many wifi devices can the aircard smart cradle connect?	The R6200v2 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6200v2 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	0
How many wifi devices can the aircard smart cradle connect?	The activation code is on a label under the battery on the back of the hotspot and on the retail packaging.	0
How many wifi devices can the aircard smart cradle connect?	If you do not have ReadyCLOUD account, you can use an existing MyNETGEAR.com account or create a MyNETGEAR.com account to use the ReadyCLOUD service.	0
How many wifi devices can the aircard smart cradle connect?	With regards to Apple's Time Machine backup function,  NIGHTHAWK X4 R7500 ROUTER only supports NTFS, EXT4, EXT3, EXT2, HFS+ in Journal, HFS+ in non-journal file system. R7500 does not support FAT16, FAT32 file format for Apple Time machine backup at the moment.	0
How many wifi devices can the aircard smart cradle connect?	Please make sure the wireless radio is enabled. If it is not, you can press the WiFi on/off radio button for 2 seconds to turn it on. The WiFi on/off button is located on the front panel of the device.	0
How many xe103 devices can be used in a single home?	Actually it is no limitation. But if the XE103 devices are more than 16 units in a single home, the throughput will be dropped.	1
How many xe103 devices can be used in a single home?	Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Internet LED turns to blinking amber. Release the Restore Factory Settings button, and wait for the router to reboot. The factory default settings are restored so that you can access the router from your Web browser using the factory defaults.	0
How many xe103 devices can be used in a single home?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
How many xe103 devices can be used in a single home?	* [How do I create a ReadyNAS Vault Account?](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208283016-Register-for-a-ReadyNAS-Vault-Account)	0
How many xe103 devices can be used in a single home?	Please take caution when using the Ethernet Port Aggregation feature when connecting the router's AGGREGATE ports to a switch. The router's AGGREGATE ports use 802.3ad LACP (Link Aggregation Control Protocol) to perform port aggregation. LACP is typically found on Smart Managed Switches and Fully Managed switches. It will not work on a regular unmanaged switch. If you do not know what type of switch you have, please check with the switch manufacturer's website to confirm whether or not LACP is supported on your switch.	0
How many xe103 devices can be used in a single home?	First, make sure your computer is on DHCP. Second, make sure the PC to WiFi Booster status LED is green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, re-launch the browser and enter [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.COM](http://www.mywifiext.com). If your PC has ipv6 enabled, please disable it during installation.	0
How much energy does the powerline use?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	1
How much energy does the powerline use?	8 internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	0
How much energy does the powerline use?	No, PLP1200 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
How much energy does the powerline use?	No, the R8500 does not support jumbo frames.	0
How much energy does the powerline use?	The  PL1000 connects to your router and then plugs directly into the wall to inject the internet connection into the powerline.	0
How much energy does the powerline use?	C7000 is a dual-band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device’s capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	0
How much of my internet connection's bandwidth does arlo q video streaming use?	Arlo Q cameras use the following bandwidth when they are streaming:	1
How much of my internet connection's bandwidth does arlo q video streaming use?	Yes, WPS is supported on the initial driver.	0
How much of my internet connection's bandwidth does arlo q video streaming use?	[Can I update the ReadyNAS firmware before installing my disks?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21394)	0
How much of my internet connection's bandwidth does arlo q video streaming use?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX7000 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	0
How much of my internet connection's bandwidth does arlo q video streaming use?	Solid Green                        Powered on and ready for use	0
How much of my internet connection's bandwidth does arlo q video streaming use?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
How much power does ntv 550 use?	NeoTV supports 2 modes of “power off”: Standby mode, and Power off mode. In Standby mode, the output ports are switched off and the unit is idle, but can be awakened quickly by pressing <Power>. While in Standby mode, the unit draws ~6 watts (compared to ~15 watts while powered up). In Power off mode, the unit uses minimum power state (drawing less than 0.5W), but can still be awakened by pressing <Power>. However, powering on the unit from the full power off state takes longer (30 secs compared to 1 sec).	1
How much power does ntv 550 use?	Currently, WNHD3004 bridge can only connect to WNHD3004 access point so it’s not supported. We	0
How much power does ntv 550 use?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check “Enable Video Network” to avoid jitter in your wireless network.	0
How much power does ntv 550 use?	Please connect to WN31000RPT through wired, and login at [http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net), and check the wireless setting page. If you still cannot access WN31000RP, please reset WN31000RP back to factory default.	0
How much power does ntv 550 use?	* For each XAVB5101 devices, press its Security button for >0.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
How much power does ntv 550 use?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
How much power does the c6300 usb 2.0 port support?	The C6300 USB 2.0 port supports 700 mA of power. Connecting USB HDD to the USB 2.0 port that requires more than 700 mA of power will require an external power supply.	1
How much power does the c6300 usb 2.0 port support?	You can add up to eight powerline devices.	0
How much power does the c6300 usb 2.0 port support?	First, make sure your computer is on DHCP. Second, make sure the PC to WiFi Booster status LED is green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, re-launch the browser and enter [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.COM](http://www.mywifiext.com). If your PC has ipv6 enabled, please disable it during installation.	0
How much power does the c6300 usb 2.0 port support?	If you are connecting to the 5 GHz network, Intel Wireless Display will work only with Wireless WiFi Software version 14.0 or newer. Intel Wireless Display is compatible with any 2.4 GHz WiFi Router. If your router supports both 2.4 and 5 GHz, and you are using an earlier software version, connect the laptop to the 2.4 GHz wireless network.	0
How much power does the c6300 usb 2.0 port support?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using 2 options:	0
How much power does the c6300 usb 2.0 port support?	Only Android and iOS apps are currently available.	0
How much power does the r8000 consume?	The R8000 uses 12v-5A power supply. The maximum power draw could be up to 60 watts. However, the usage can be lower due to the number of devices connected to ti and the functionality that is running on the router. Not to mention, the router has many power savings features that can help reduce power consumption such as green power supply, auto-sensing gigabit Ethernet ports, wireless On/Off switch, and wireless scheduling.	1
How much power does the r8000 consume?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter (rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
How much power does the r8000 consume?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 800Mbps” for 2.4 GHz & “Up to 1733Mbps” for 5 GHz.	0
How much power does the r8000 consume?	802.3az is an IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) standard, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
How much power does the r8000 consume?	NETGEAR home routers can block services and domain names but not the actual port.	0
How much power does the r8000 consume?	Yes. Any of four M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) can be inserted into any slots of M6100-3S base chassis. Slot-1 is designed as a Supervisor slot. Slot-2 is designed as a Back-up Supervisor blade. Any combination of M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) can handle these roles.	0
How pv(r)stp interact with other ieee standards stp/rstp/mstp?	A switch running PV(R)STP can communicate with a switch running IEEE standard spanning tree protocol.	1
How pv(r)stp interact with other ieee standards stp/rstp/mstp?	* The device has one power LED.	0
How pv(r)stp interact with other ieee standards stp/rstp/mstp?	To reset your router to factory defaults, see [Restoring a NETGEAR home router to the factory default settings](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/9665)	0
How pv(r)stp interact with other ieee standards stp/rstp/mstp?	The EX6200 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the extender. You can use wireless device to connect to the default SSID 'NETGEAR_EXT' without security first. Then open EX6200 Web GUI. You can refer to the IG Card or booklet that comes with gift box for more details.	0
How pv(r)stp interact with other ieee standards stp/rstp/mstp?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How pv(r)stp interact with other ieee standards stp/rstp/mstp?	The Digital Entertainer HD is a TV Set-Top Box which brings the world of digital media to your TV. You can view photos, listen to music and Internet radio, watch videos you download, watch live TV from a TV Tuner in a PC, or YouTube videos direct from the Internet.	0
How should i enable bridge mode, how to setup bridge mode?	The topology will be depicted as below:	1
How should i enable bridge mode, how to setup bridge mode?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
How should i enable bridge mode, how to setup bridge mode?	1. Try uninstalling the Intel WiFi driver, then reinstalling the latest Intel WiFi driver.	0
How should i enable bridge mode, how to setup bridge mode?	To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1601 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
How should i enable bridge mode, how to setup bridge mode?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601, XAV1401, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
How should i enable bridge mode, how to setup bridge mode?	Depending on the product purchased, the license will either be in the form of an electronic license or a printed license key card.	0
How should the access point be installed for maximum performance?	The Access Point should be installed such that the antenna is facing the maximum usage area. It can be either ceiling or wall mounted.	1
How should the access point be installed for maximum performance?	* 16 copper 10/100/1000Mbps RJ-45 Ethernet ports	0
How should the access point be installed for maximum performance?	STP is only applicable on connecting multiple switches to avoid broadcast storms. The router is set as AP and there is no other device connected wired on it that means there will be no loop/s created on setup. Also, STP is a layer 2 protocol which is applicable to switches and not with the routers so that means the WNDR4500 does not have option for STP.	0
How should the access point be installed for maximum performance?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
How should the access point be installed for maximum performance?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connections, by design.	0
How should the access point be installed for maximum performance?	WNDAP350 dual band access point can be best viewed at resolutions 1260x1024 or above.	0
How to boot from external usb for usb recovery?	External USB will boot automatically when a flag file named: NTGR_USBBOOT_INFO.txt exists on the root of the drive. For more info on USB recovery see here	1
How to boot from external usb for usb recovery?	Yes, the WNR2000v5 support this feature. You can visit this website on how to enable this feature:	0
How to boot from external usb for usb recovery?	This is a known issue on the CM600. To fix the issue simply click on the help center arrow to open and close the help center. You will then be able to scroll. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
How to boot from external usb for usb recovery?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v2. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
How to boot from external usb for usb recovery?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
How to boot from external usb for usb recovery?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
How to check fw version and imei, etc info?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘diagnostics” to get what you need.	1
How to check fw version and imei, etc info?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How to check fw version and imei, etc info?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the extender. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address through EX6120 or EX6000. To allow this wireless device to access the internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router. To get the translated MAC address:	0
How to check fw version and imei, etc info?	The D3600/D6000 devices have the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wired and/or WiFi connection.	0
How to check fw version and imei, etc info?	No, ASP150W cannot be used in other M4300 models.	0
How to check fw version and imei, etc info?	Please see below in details	0
How to check transmission data statistics?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘statistics” to get what you need.	1
How to check transmission data statistics?	No, currently the EVA doesn’t support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
How to check transmission data statistics?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21505)	0
How to check transmission data statistics?	WEP and WPA-PSK [TKIP] (for 54Mbps only)	0
How to check transmission data statistics?	Currently, WNHD3004 bridge can only connect to WNHD3004 access point so it’s not supported. We	0
How to check transmission data statistics?	This device supports 20/40 MHz Coexistence, AP feature, Brute Attack protection, IPV6 and Traffic Meter.	0
How to configure the wndr3400v3 for internet connection?	WNDR3400v3 is a CD-less installation. Just go to [www.routerlogin.com](www.routerlogin.com) or [www.routerlogin.net](www.routerlogin.net) or [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1/) and run the setup wizard or manually configure the router for Internet connection.	1
How to configure the wndr3400v3 for internet connection?	WNDR3700 product is the most powerful and full featured router compared to any wireless router in the market today. With a 680 MHz power processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that WNDR3700 provides.	0
How to configure the wndr3400v3 for internet connection?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
How to configure the wndr3400v3 for internet connection?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX6100 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
How to configure the wndr3400v3 for internet connection?	It supports 4 types of QoS service. This includes QoS settings for applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. The user can configure QoS based the way the product is used to set internet traffic priority for the best efficiency for the user's situation.	0
How to configure the wndr3400v3 for internet connection?	The XAV5201 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the dst6501 adapter thru using the wps button.	* Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	1
How to connect wireless clients to the dst6501 adapter thru using the wps button.	Please connect to EX2700 through wired, and login at http://www.mywifiext.net, and check the wireless setting page.If you still cannot access the extender, please reset it back to factory default.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the dst6501 adapter thru using the wps button.	This model does not have the option to change its mode to modem only.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the dst6501 adapter thru using the wps button.	Yes, WPN824N is workable under Mac OS, and you may access Internet without problem via browser Safari 1.4 higher version.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the dst6501 adapter thru using the wps button.	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 145Mbps” on 2.4GHz and “Up to 433Mbps” on 5GHz.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the dst6501 adapter thru using the wps button.	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601, XAV1401, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5001 wireless extender thru using the wps button.	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	1
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5001 wireless extender thru using the wps button.	The PL1000 Powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The Powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5001 wireless extender thru using the wps button.	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem/eMTA. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5001 wireless extender thru using the wps button.	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5001 wireless extender thru using the wps button.	* The best performance is delivered when both the Link Rate LED and the PC to Booster Connection LED are green.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5001 wireless extender thru using the wps button.	ReadyNAS is the most sophisticated storage product for Small Businesses in the market. Included in ReadyNAS are the same data protection features found in Enterprise storage solutions like Snapshots. Snapshots provide continuous data protection and the ability to restore files and iSCSI LUNs to any point in time. All of this protection can be automated and requires no end-user intervention. Users can restore their own files from the past providing a complete self-service IT solution.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5021 wireless extender through wps?	,	1
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5021 wireless extender through wps?	Environmental factors, Operational overhead, differences between different transport standards (UDP vs. TCP vs. WFT) and the way each standard optimizes the data overhead (typically for error handling).	0
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5021 wireless extender through wps?	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide best performance with WNA3100M.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5021 wireless extender through wps?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5021 wireless extender through wps?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How to connect wireless clients to the xwn5021 wireless extender through wps?	* ReadyNAS storage systems. For step-by-step instructions, see the following KB articles:	0
How to do firmware upgrade manually?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	1
How to do firmware upgrade manually?	NETGEAR genie 2.4.16 or later, for Windows.	0
How to do firmware upgrade manually?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
How to do firmware upgrade manually?	The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web genie. Go to ‘Advanced’ > ‘Setup’ > ‘WAN Setup’ and change the ‘WAN Preference to “Must use Ethernet WAN”, then click ‘Apply’.	0
How to do firmware upgrade manually?	Wireless-N draft 802.11n version 2.0: The 802.11n standard will be the next generation of high-speed Wi-Fi, capable of delivering the range and capacity to support today's most bandwidth-hungry applications, like streaming HD (High Definition) video, voice and music. The IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers) Task Group-N committee is still working to finalize the standard. It is currently expected to be ratified in July of 2009. In the mean time, the WiFi Consortium is certifying Wireless-N products against the draft 2.0 revision of the standards. This creates a de-facto standard in the market that users can take advantage of. NETGEAR Wireless-N products are all WiFi certified.	0
How to do firmware upgrade manually?	Please use any NETGEAR 11ac WIFI router like R6300/R6250/R6200/D6200 on the other end and install it in bridge mode to setup an 11ac WIFI connection. Please follow the instructions to setup R6300/R6200 in bridge mode: [How to setup Bridge mode on R6300?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/20831)	0
How to do i manually update the router firmware?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	1
How to do i manually update the router firmware?	In North America, NETGEAR Powerline products work with 110 volt 2-prong or 3-prong electrical outlets. Outside of North America, there are country specific plugs for the Powerline products sold in those regions.	0
How to do i manually update the router firmware?	Follow these tips to get the best performance from your range extender:	0
How to do i manually update the router firmware?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
How to do i manually update the router firmware?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How to do i manually update the router firmware?	The EVA8000 can access your PC, Mac, Linux or NAS servers directly. The EVA8000 doesn't require ANY UPnP server (except for DRM content) and we recommend that you do not use UPnP, since this will be slower and make several features not work as well.	0
How to enable and setup dynamic qos feature on your r7500 router?	You can easily setup the feature through the router GUI:	1
How to enable and setup dynamic qos feature on your r7500 router?	The USB connection only works with USB Storage devices that DO NOT have an internal USB hub. The file formats recognized are FAT, FAT32, NTFS, Mac OS X (HFS+, not older HFS), and ext2/3 formatted drives.	0
How to enable and setup dynamic qos feature on your r7500 router?	MP1/2/4, Xvid, VC-1/WMV-9, H.264, OpenDivX all to 1080p.	0
How to enable and setup dynamic qos feature on your r7500 router?	WNDA4100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA4100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
How to enable and setup dynamic qos feature on your r7500 router?	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	0
How to enable and setup dynamic qos feature on your r7500 router?	You can use a web browser and type the URL: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1/) the login name is “admin” (without the double quotes) and the password is “password” (without the double quotes).	0
How to enter into boot menu?	Press and hold Reset switch, then use short press to toggle through menu entries, use long press to confirm selection. For details, please check RN3138 hardware manual.	1
How to enter into boot menu?	The R7300DST comes with 1 year of support from GeekSquad. Feel free to call 1-800-GeekSquad to get help.	0
How to enter into boot menu?	* Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
How to enter into boot menu?	 GREEN: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
How to enter into boot menu?	Yes, the Digital Entertainer comes bundled with Microsoft Windows Media Connect, which can serve various media files for playback on the Digital Entertainer.	0
How to enter into boot menu?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
How to get factory default setting?	Press reset button for more than 10sec, WNR1500 will launch reset-to-default process.	1
How to get factory default setting?	Yes, XE103 support full range power 100~240V.	0
How to get factory default setting?	By default setting, EX6200 use the same password as your home network. You need log into the router to get the password. If you change EX6200's password during Smart Setup, EX6200 don't have interface to let you view the password. Thus we suggest you redo the EX6200 Smart Setup to configure EX6200 again.	0
How to get factory default setting?	The DGN2200 is based on the new 802.11n technology with provides much faster speeds (Up to 15x) and better range (up to 5x) than a Wireless-G router.	0
How to get factory default setting?	Miracast™ **is a new certification program based on the Wi-Fi Display specification.Miracast™ certification demonstrates that a device can quickly transmit video content from one Miracast™-certified device to another, even without access to a Wi-Fi® **network.NETGEAR hopes to achieve Miracast™ certification for the Push2TV in early 2013.	0
How to get factory default setting?	Yes, the XAVB5501 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
How to install/replace hard drive with tool-less disk tray?	"Refer to quick installation guide(IG) or hardware manual for detailed instruction. 3.5"" drive is mounted by plastic bracket(therefore tool-less). Press and hold slide lock on tray handle to unlock plastic bracket. 2.5"" drive is mounted by screws which are included in RDD516 package. Plastic mounting bracket needs to be taken out before mounting 2.5"" SSD/HDD drive."	1
How to install/replace hard drive with tool-less disk tray?	Yes, SPI firewall is built-in but cannot be customized.	0
How to install/replace hard drive with tool-less disk tray?	Yes, R6220 supports VLAN/IPTV with firmware version 1.1.0.34 or newer.	0
How to install/replace hard drive with tool-less disk tray?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check “Enable Video Network” to avoid jitter in your wireless network.	0
How to install/replace hard drive with tool-less disk tray?	The key benefits of beamforming are:	0
How to install/replace hard drive with tool-less disk tray?	Yes. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can be used to connect the Extender to your existing router or connect your PC to the Extender. To use WPS to connect the extender to your router or your PC, first, press EX2700’s WPS button. Within 2 minutes, press your router or your PC’s WPS button.	0
How to power off rdd516?	RDD516 can be gracefully powered off through Web GUI page. Or by press and hold power button for 2 seconds. Be very careful, don't press and hold power button for more than 4 seconds, otherwise, power will be cut off forcefully by hardware.	1
How to power off rdd516?	No, PLP1200 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
How to power off rdd516?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How to power off rdd516?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
How to power off rdd516?	This is a known issue on the CM600. Reboot the modem to fix the issue. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
How to power off rdd516?	The SPI firewall that the R7000 is built-in but cannot be customized.	0
How to reset the router?	Press and hold the button on the bottom for 5 seconds to reset the router to factory default settings.	1
How to reset the router?	DLNA on the routers only acts as a file server for the videos. Subtitles should be supported by the media player being used.	0
How to reset the router?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router’s USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly.	0
How to reset the router?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
How to reset the router?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV101v2 configuration utility. The NETGEAR XAV101v2 configuration utility is posted on XAV101v2 product page.	0
How to reset the router?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
How to reset the system back to the factory default settings?	The rear reset button can be used to restore WN802T-200 back to factory defaults. Use a small pin to press the reset button in and hold it in until the power LED changed from blinking green to amber.	1
How to reset the system back to the factory default settings?	Yes, JGS524E supports Flow Control and they are enabled by default.	0
How to reset the system back to the factory default settings?	Yes, but you will either suffer a noticeable loss in performance, or if the signal is too low the units will not be able to communicate.	0
How to reset the system back to the factory default settings?	The PL1000 Powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The Powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
How to reset the system back to the factory default settings?	Go to [http://www.intel.com/go/wirelessdisplayupdate](http://www.intel.com/go/wirelessdisplayupdate).	0
How to reset the system back to the factory default settings?	M6100 Chassis Switch supports third-party DAC passive and active cables, as long as they are SFP+ MSA compliant.	0
How to restore the factory default settings?	1. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Reset push button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	1
How to restore the factory default settings?	Stora is a comprehensive home network storage system that lets you store, share and protect music, movies, photos and data using any device on your home network and over the Internet.	0
How to restore the factory default settings?	ReadySHARE AirMusic lets you play music wirelessly from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Android device. The music is played on audio speakers, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system. Please visit the links below for more information:	0
How to restore the factory default settings?	Single Rate Policing feature enables support for Single Rate Policer as defined by RFC 2697:	0
How to restore the factory default settings?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
How to restore the factory default settings?	Smart Connect balances your 5 GHz WiFi connections into two different radio bands: the 5 GHz radio 1 band and the 5 GHz radio 2 band. The router uses Smart Connect to choose the best radio band for your device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
How to restrict content from my kids?	1. NTV550 supports a variety of parental controls. To activate parental controls, go to Settings -> Parental controls, and set the Supervisor PIN. Once the PIN is set, the parental controls you can configure on this page are active. Note that the PIN is also required for accessing the settings.	1
How to restrict content from my kids?	Not currently.	0
How to restrict content from my kids?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem products, your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware image to your unit after they have certified it.	0
How to restrict content from my kids?	If this is first time installing the R7300 with the DST6501 add-on, power on the R7300 and DST6501 first, so they will all be connected by the default DST encryption key. You can then install them through NETGEAR genie.	0
How to restrict content from my kids?	* WNDRMAC only support “GUID Partition Table” and “Master Boot Record” in partition table format. It does not support “Apple Partition Map” format. Work-around: Changepartion map to Master Boot record.	0
How to restrict content from my kids?	Single Rate Policing feature enables support for Single Rate Policer as defined by RFC 2697:	0
How to retrieve the device's password?	In retrieving the password, the wizard will ask for the device's Serial Number. Once the device confirmed that the Serial Number is correct, answer the 2 Security Questions and then the wizard will display the GUI's password.	1
How to retrieve the device's password?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3800B.	0
How to retrieve the device's password?	The top of the wireless router includes a dome with status lights that identify the status of the selected option you chose for either Wireless data status (default), Guest Network status, Live Parental Controls status, or Broadband Usage Meter status. You can select your preferred option in router’s GUI	0
How to retrieve the device's password?	Connects up to 20 Wi-Fi enabled devices simultaneously.	0
How to retrieve the device's password?	Customers must use the AC762S with an active SIM card which can be purchased from a mobile operator in your country. Data plan fees apply, and are sold directly by the mobile operator.	0
How to retrieve the device's password?	WNDA4100 can support 802.1x setting, WPA-enterprise and WPA2-enterprise. User must use Microsoft Wireless Auto Config tool (Or Wireless Zero Config tool in XP) to select the credential. Adapter genie doesn’t provide GUI page for user to select credential.	0
How to return the adapter to its original firmware level and its default settings?	Turn off the adapter by pushing the On/Off button on the rear panel.Press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button.While you continue to hold the Restore Factory Settings button, press the On/Off button to turn the adapter back on.	1
How to return the adapter to its original firmware level and its default settings?	No, The XAVB6504 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
How to return the adapter to its original firmware level and its default settings?	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole on the back panel of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and when you see all four left LEDs (looking from front) start to blinking at the same time, release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	0
How to return the adapter to its original firmware level and its default settings?	[How do I improve write speeds of USB External Drive attached to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21446)	0
How to return the adapter to its original firmware level and its default settings?	ReadyNAS Vault uses the port 443, the standard https port. So, as long as you can browse the web securely, no new ports need to be opened.	0
How to return the adapter to its original firmware level and its default settings?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How to secure the powerline network?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAVN2001 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	1
How to secure the powerline network?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
How to secure the powerline network?	If you do not own a ReadyCLOUD-enabled device, you must follow these steps:	0
How to secure the powerline network?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
How to secure the powerline network?	If [btrfs-cleaner] gets stuck at 100% after upgrade, this is likely due to the ReadyNAS performing a quota check. As mentioned previously, the ReadyNAS may take some time doing a quota check. This quota check should only run once after upgrading as long as it is able to complete successfully. Rebooting your chassis might cause the quota check to restart from the beginning. Please allow it some time to finish. Also, btrfs-cleaner is commonly invoked after Smart Snapshot Management prunes older snapshots. ReadyNAS commonly prunes older snapshots based on its snapshot schedule. If your ReadyNAS is restarting btrfs-cleaner every time you restart and consuming 100% CPU endlessly, or if the device is not behaving as notated here, please contact [NETGEAR Support](http://support.netgear.com/general/contact/)	0
How to secure the powerline network?	* Blink blue color twice per second: Remote control has paired NeoTV PRIME and is trying to connect NeoTV PRIME.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6200v2 router?	Make sure that the base router (the router that the R6200v2 will connect to) is operational and able to connect wireless devices. Make a note of the following items:  SSID, SECURITY MODE, WIRELESS PASSWORD, OPERATING FREQUENCY (EITHER 2.4 GHZ OR 5 GHZ)	1
How to set up bridge mode on the r6200v2 router?	Yes. By default the router will check for newer firmware every day (4 AM local time) and install it if available. The time and frequency can be updated in the settings.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6200v2 router?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter using Intel WiDi software on your PC, and click  PROPERTIES.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6200v2 router?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 15 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6200v2 router?	NETGEAR Beamforming+ includes standard based Beamforming implementation as defined by the current 802.11ac standard, the + refers to NETGEAR's implementation of driver level improvements done for improved Wi-Fi performance and range.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6200v2 router?	The DGND3800B does not support this function.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6250 router gui?	Make sure that the base router (the router that the R6250 will connect to) is operational and able to connect wireless devices. Make a note of the following items:  SSID, SECURITY MODE, WIRELESS PASSWORD, OPERATING FREQUENCY (EITHER 2.4 GHZ OR 5 GHZ)	1
How to set up bridge mode on the r6250 router gui?	Yes, You can log into the genie GUI, then select ADVANCED > Setup > LAN Setup. Enter in your custom device name in the Device Name field.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6250 router gui?	A6210 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6210 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6250 router gui?	* Make sure the LED of WNCE3001 is either green or amber in color. Please make sure your device connected to WNCE3001 is set to obtain IP address dynamically or DHCP mode.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6250 router gui?	FS105 is an unmanaged switch with five 10/100Mbps ports in a metal case and v3 means Version 3.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6250 router gui?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6300 router	Make sure that the base router (the router that the R6300 will connect to) is operational and able to connect wireless devices. Make a note of the following items:  SSID, SECURITY MODE, WIRELESS PASSWORD, OPERATING FREQUENCY (EITHER 2.4 GHZ OR 5 GHZ)	1
How to set up bridge mode on the r6300 router	A6200 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6200 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6200 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6200 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6300 router	Yes, the EVA8000 can play ISO or IFO structured files. While DVD style “menus” won’t play all the content can be accessed, and each IFO or ISO will only be shown once in the media list. Also, the EVA8000 can only playback ISO/IFO/VOBs which are not CSS protected.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6300 router	When there is a new firmware, the NeoTV Streaming Player prompts the user that there is a newer firmware available when the unit powers up, or wakes up from standby. Please follow the on screen instruction to press the yellow remote control button, and then press OK to perform firmware upgrade.	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6300 router	"* Select ""No, I want to configure the Internet connection myself."" option on the wizard page and click """"Next""""."	0
How to set up bridge mode on the r6300 router	Yes, WDS is supported in this release.	0
How to set up your dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push 'N' Connect button:	1
How to set up your dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)	Yes, it supports jumbo frames up to 9,216 bytes.	0
How to set up your dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)	The default login name (case sensitive) is admin and the default login password(case sensitive) is password.	0
How to set up your dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)	Multi PVC talks about triple play deployment of ADSL2+, VOIP and IPTV. Our home gateways does not support IPTV yet.	0
How to set up your dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)	Note: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with “wired” or Ethernet connection only.	0
How to set up your dst wireless extender and security (dst6501 auto-configuration feature)	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change) will be reset to original factory default values.	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xavn2001 auto-configuration feature)?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (WiFi Protected Setup) Push ‘N’ Connect button:	1
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xavn2001 auto-configuration feature)?	Additional info and utility can be found at [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xavn2001 auto-configuration feature)?	The maximum power consumption of XAV1101 is 3 Watts.	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xavn2001 auto-configuration feature)?	The R7300 supports multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xavn2001 auto-configuration feature)?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 Mbps product, the 200 Mbps throughput is maximum."	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xavn2001 auto-configuration feature)?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PL1200 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5001 auto-configuration feature)	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setupâ„¢) Push 'N' Connect button:	1
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5001 auto-configuration feature)	DM200 does not support Ethernet WAN mode on LAN port 2.	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5001 auto-configuration feature)	N+1 redundancy is provided when one power supply is in standby mode. There are four PSU slots in M6100-3S base chassis, so minimum two power supplies are required for N+1 mode. Four additional PSU slots can be added with RPS4000v2 external power supply bay. In that case, N+1 mode is available across the eight unified PSU slots.	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5001 auto-configuration feature)	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5001 auto-configuration feature)	ReadySHARE Music lets you play music from your computer on a remote audio speaker, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system.	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5001 auto-configuration feature)	WPS is short for a Wi-Fi Protected Setup, which allows you to quickly ans securely connect to a wireless network. Without WPS, you must manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and wireless device to secure your wireless network. With WPS, the router automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5021 auto-configuration feature)?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push ‘N’ Connect button:	1
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5021 auto-configuration feature)?	Powerline products need to be used in 'pairs' – at least two in a home. So NETGEAR sells them in pairs, like the XAVB1101 which is a bundle of two XAV1101. However, customers do have the option to add a 3rd or 4th etc device to their network. So for that reason, we sell the single units – XAV1101	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5021 auto-configuration feature)?	No, the WNR2000v5 does not support this function.	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5021 auto-configuration feature)?	There is a discovery tool called “Config Assistant” in the product CD (you can also download it from the NETGEAR support site). Run this tool from the PC behind the bridge, or a pc behind the router the bridge is connected to, and it will find the WNHDE111 bridges (with their IP addresses) in the network for you. It’s recommended to make a copy of this tool on your PC’s desktop.	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5021 auto-configuration feature)?	No.	0
How to set up your powerline wireless extender and security (xwn5021 auto-configuration feature)?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3800 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
How to setup bridge mode?	1. Go to Advanced Setup -> Wireless settings	1
How to setup bridge mode?	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	0
How to setup bridge mode?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
How to setup bridge mode?	MU-MIMO is a new Wi-Fi technology which allows multiple 1x1 or 2x2 clients to transmit and receive wireless packets at the same time. With the current technology, the router handles wireless packets one at a time, even with multiple Wi-Fi clients. MU-MIMO can break this limitation and also be very useful for current popular Wi-Fi devices, like mobile devices and IoT devices. Your Wi-Fi client must support the MU-MIMO capability in order to receive the benefits of it.	0
How to setup bridge mode?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and you could access the printer wired or wirelessly.	0
How to setup bridge mode?	Yes, many new notebooks are coming with Wireless-N integrated. All these Wireless-N notebooks will connect at higher speeds and offer better range than when connected to your old Wireless-G Router. Look for “a/b/g/n” or “Next-Generation Wireless-N” on your notebook specifications to see if it is a Wireless-N notebook.	0
How to setup mac time machine function with wndrmac?	 STEP 1: Physically connect the USB hard drive to your Mac.	1
How to setup mac time machine function with wndrmac?	The XAV5001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
How to setup mac time machine function with wndrmac?	8 internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	0
How to setup mac time machine function with wndrmac?	This model does not have the option to change its mode to modem only.	0
How to setup mac time machine function with wndrmac?	For this to work, the PC must be directly connected to one of the 4 Ethernet ports on the	0
How to setup mac time machine function with wndrmac?	OpenVPN is the same as VPN passthrough. No configuration needed on the router to setup the VPN. This requires VPN client software to setup the connection.	0
How to setup the bonjour printing for windows?	  STEP 1: GO TO[http://support.apple.com/kb/DL999](http://support.apple.com/kb/DL999) TO DOWNLOAD BONJOUR PRINT SERVICES FOR WINDOWS.	1
How to setup the bonjour printing for windows?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How to setup the bonjour printing for windows?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push ‘N’ Connect button:	0
How to setup the bonjour printing for windows?	Yes, the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. Please find more details at [http://www.netgear.com/netgear-genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/netgear-genie.aspx).	0
How to setup the bonjour printing for windows?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How to setup the bonjour printing for windows?	D6200 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
How to setup time machine function with wndr3800?	1. Physically connect the USB hard drive to your Mac	1
How to setup time machine function with wndr3800?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
How to setup time machine function with wndr3800?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601 and XAV1401 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
How to setup time machine function with wndr3800?	You can control the NTV550 from your PC or any connected device with a Web browser:	0
How to setup time machine function with wndr3800?	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
How to setup time machine function with wndr3800?	DGND3700v2 improves the product features further from the award winning DGND3700v1:	0
How to use hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	* For each XAVB5101 devices, press its Security button for >0.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	1
How to use hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	During the installation of the Web genie, the R6220 will check the update server for the latest firmware and will automatically install any updates available. In addition, the GUI also supports auto-firmware upgrade. The R6220 will check for the latest firmware available every time the GUI is accessed.	0
How to use hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
How to use hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	No. You don't need to change anything on your router. WN31000RP does not use WPS protocol to connect to your router. If your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it, please follow the FAQ 13 to complete the installation.	0
How to use hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
How to use hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	This depends on the memory available on the router. For example, if you have other features enabled like address reservation, firewall rules, it will add up to the capacity on how many entries you can do for port forwarding.	0
How to use netgear | aircard mobile broadband genie to get internet connection?	Please follow below steps to configure.	1
How to use netgear | aircard mobile broadband genie to get internet connection?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How to use netgear | aircard mobile broadband genie to get internet connection?	Yes, the Stora is hot swappable. However, we strongly recommend that users turn off the unit before removing or installing a hard drive to prevent data corruption or damage to the working drive. A Cold Plug is the opposite which you need to turn off the Stora before removing or installing a hard drive.	0
How to use netgear | aircard mobile broadband genie to get internet connection?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How to use netgear | aircard mobile broadband genie to get internet connection?	The table below describes the Test LED (the second LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	0
How to use netgear | aircard mobile broadband genie to get internet connection?	The power consumption of XAV1004 is 3.5 Watts at max usage. However the XAV101 has usage of 4 Watts.	0
How to use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	* Press the Security button of the XAV2602 unit for more than 2 seconds then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink.	1
How to use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	That means  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. If you plug USB storage before router power on, please re-test again, but this time please plug USB storage after router is system ready (Power LED is in white color), and see if it works.	0
How to use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	In an effort to bring more connectivity and simplicity to NETGEAR customers, NETGEAR is combining your ReadyCLOUD account with a single sign-on (SSO) account at MyNETGEAR.com. This means that you can use your MyNETGEAR.com account to connect to your ReadyCLOUD-enabled devices.	0
How to use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (WiFi Protected Setup) Push ‘N’ Connect button:	0
How to use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v3. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
How to use the hardware security button to set a private powerline network?	Yes, WPS is supported on the initial driver.	0
How to use the readyshare access on wndr3800?	You can access your USB device in any of the following ways:	1
How to use the readyshare access on wndr3800?	It is a universal extender, so all routers should be compatible.	0
How to use the readyshare access on wndr3800?	The highest performance is up to 450 Mbps theoretically.	0
How to use the readyshare access on wndr3800?	The antennas are 3dbi, 2i means 2dbi. The antennas are only producing the signal, it is the chipset that determines whether the router has 5GHz capability or not.	0
How to use the readyshare access on wndr3800?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How to use the readyshare access on wndr3800?	No. NETGEAR Manageable switches does support it.	0
How to use video cover art ?	1. NTV550 can associate cover art, description, and other media “metadata” with videos. Spending a few minutes to “tag” your media will result in a richer browsing experience. You can tag media using NETGEAR Tag Tool, or you can use third party software. In general, tagging media means creating a “.TAG” file that has the same name as the media, and contains the media metadata and cover art. NETGEAR TagTool can create and edit .TAG files easily. Alternatively, if you want only cover art, you can add .JPG covers to your videos by placing a JPG file in the same folder as the video, named identically to the video. If you have multiple videos in a folder and you want them to use the same cover, add a “folder.jpg” in the folder.	1
How to use video cover art ?	The WNA3100M is a single band USB adapter that complies with the official 802.11n 2.0 specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz frequency and works with 802.11b/g, and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNA3100M is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 300Mbps with 11n HT40 supporting wireless routers and access points. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop.	0
How to use video cover art ?	The default URL is [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [http://www.mywifiext.com](http://www.mywifiext.com). Before you access this URL, you have to connect your PC to WN2500RP first.	0
How to use video cover art ?	"Follow the Installation Guide or user manual to make sure the correct connection among your PC, the router and the modem. Configure your PC to obtain the IP address automatically. By default, the router's IP address is 192.168.1.1. Try to Ping the 192.168.1.1 from your PC. If the PING works, launch the web browser and type in http://192.168.1.1 or http://www.routerlogin.net to access the router. The default login id is ""admin"", and the password is ""password"". The ""Smart Wizard"" of the router can help to automatically detect the Internet connection."	0
How to use video cover art ?	[How can I setup my ReadyNAS for FTP access over the Internet?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21480)	0
How to use video cover art ?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
How to use wireless repeating function on wpn824v3?	This wireless repeating function supports wireless base station mode and repeater mode. Before using it, please make sure all AP devices must use the same SSID, wireless channel, authentication mode & encryption mode.	1
How to use wireless repeating function on wpn824v3?	During the installation via the Web genie, the R6400 looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alerts when the new firmware is available.	0
How to use wireless repeating function on wpn824v3?	The default login name (case-sensitive) is  ADMIN and the default login password (case-sensitive) is  PASSWORD.	0
How to use wireless repeating function on wpn824v3?	Yes. Just log in to your Arlo account, click  ADD DEVICE, and follow the instructions.	0
How to use wireless repeating function on wpn824v3?	Because the M6100 series is designed upon an innovative “distributed fabric” which removes the need for a dedicated supervisory module, while providing a passive backplane, redundant fabric and redundant management – all with non-stop forwarding world-class resiliency and availability. As a result, all four M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) are equipped with dedicated hardware and software high-end distributed fabric on board. When inserted in Slot 1, any I/O blade will handle the Supervisory Role. When inserted in Slot 2, any I/O blade will handle the Back-up Supervisory role. It brings simplicity for management and maintenance or upgrades, while providing better availability and resiliency than any competitive solution in this price range.	0
How to use wireless repeating function on wpn824v3?	It supports 4 types of QoS service. This includes QoS settings for applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. The user can configure QoS based the way the product is used to set internet traffic priority for the best efficiency for the user's situation.	0
How well does motion detection work on arlo q cameras?	Arlo Q cameras can detect motion from as far as 50 feet away. In addition, you can create up to three motion detection zones so that motion in detected in specific areas within the camera frame.	1
How well does motion detection work on arlo q cameras?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
How well does motion detection work on arlo q cameras?	Using a passcode (private network key), it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
How well does motion detection work on arlo q cameras?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	0
How well does motion detection work on arlo q cameras?	The antenna gain of these 3 external antennas is  5DBI in 2.4GHz.	0
How well does motion detection work on arlo q cameras?	Volume needs to be created before settings can be saved.	0
How will i set the wnr2000v4 as a wireless access point only?	"The WNR2000v4 has an option called ""Wireless AP"". This is located under  ADVANCED > ADVANCED SETUP > WIRELESS SETTINGS."	1
How will i set the wnr2000v4 as a wireless access point only?	The power consumption of XAV101 is 4 Watts.	0
How will i set the wnr2000v4 as a wireless access point only?	This wireless repeating function supports wireless base station mode and repeater mode. Before using it, please make sure all AP devices must use the same SSID, wireless channel, authentication mode & encryption mode.	0
How will i set the wnr2000v4 as a wireless access point only?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
How will i set the wnr2000v4 as a wireless access point only?	WNDAP350 has inbuilt 6dbi Omni-directional monopole antennas under the black plastic cover. However if user wants to use higher gain directional antennas to establish wireless bridging, they can use the optional takeoffs provided at the rear. The optional external antenna is only for 2.4GHz. if the user wishes to use external antennas they should select external antenna from the Radio page on the system UI and also adjust the Transmit power to stay within the countryâ€™s regulatory limits.	0
How will i set the wnr2000v4 as a wireless access point only?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
How will rmas be handled?	Disk drives are the only component that is replaceable. For all other hardware problems, the entire chassis will be replaced.	1
How will rmas be handled?	"* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Restore Factory Settings"" button located on the rear panel of the router for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber."	0
How will rmas be handled?	"Yes. Use the Windows key + P shortcut to select ""projector only"" mode. This will shut off the notebook screen to deliver best viewing experience in a dark room."	0
How will rmas be handled?	Yes, the N450 supports Parental Controls through th E CONTENT FILTERING>  BLOCK SITES Feature. However, OpenDNS Live Parental Control (LPC) is currently not supported. We are working to implement this feature in the near future.	0
How will rmas be handled?	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XE103 Powerline Encryption Utility to set a network password within the group or network.	0
How will rmas be handled?	No, the XAV5201 does not support QoS.	0
I am experiencing a slow ping response time from the router and my internet connection is slow/breaking as well, what could be the problem?	Please check whether you have a DECT cordless phone. If so, please make sure its base station is not within 3 feet (1 meter) of the router, otherwise, their signals will get mixed and you’ll experience connection issues to the router.	1
I am experiencing a slow ping response time from the router and my internet connection is slow/breaking as well, what could be the problem?	NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses two dipole antennas mounted inside the router case. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments; users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
I am experiencing a slow ping response time from the router and my internet connection is slow/breaking as well, what could be the problem?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I am experiencing a slow ping response time from the router and my internet connection is slow/breaking as well, what could be the problem?	802.3az is an IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) standard, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
I am experiencing a slow ping response time from the router and my internet connection is slow/breaking as well, what could be the problem?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
I am experiencing a slow ping response time from the router and my internet connection is slow/breaking as well, what could be the problem?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 65Mbps or 150Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
I am having problems with configuration backup/restore in mac os x using safari web browser what should i do?	There are some limitations with backup/restore features with Safari Browser. Please use alternative browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.	1
I am having problems with configuration backup/restore in mac os x using safari web browser what should i do?	There is no limitation in terms of HDD capacity that can be connected, we have tested up to 4TB HDD capacity.	0
I am having problems with configuration backup/restore in mac os x using safari web browser what should i do?	AFM735          100BASE-FX      NETGEAR SFP Multimode LC Transceiver    Yes                 No	0
I am having problems with configuration backup/restore in mac os x using safari web browser what should i do?	"Download the open source package from the web site, extract the package and find the ""KWGR614_README"" text file under the directory of ""vendorsDocumentation"". This readme file describes the directory structure, the tools needed for building the router firmware, the procedure to build the router firmware, and the list of the firmware modules."	0
I am having problems with configuration backup/restore in mac os x using safari web browser what should i do?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using 2 options:	0
I am having problems with configuration backup/restore in mac os x using safari web browser what should i do?	Yes, it is.	0
I am not able to scroll up or down on the cm600 config page using the safari browser on my iphone/ipad when in horizontal view. what should i do?	This is a known issue on the CM600. To fix the issue simply click on the help center arrow to open and close the help center. You will then be able to scroll. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	1
I am not able to scroll up or down on the cm600 config page using the safari browser on my iphone/ipad when in horizontal view. what should i do?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives. The Nighthawk X6 might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R8000 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
I am not able to scroll up or down on the cm600 config page using the safari browser on my iphone/ipad when in horizontal view. what should i do?	WN111v2 can achieve up to 300Mbps when connecting to a RANGEMAX NEXT wireless router WNR854T. In order for WN111v2 to reach the maximum performance with RANGEMAX NEXT wireless router, either no security or WPA2-PSK [AES] should be used when connecting to a WNR854T.	0
I am not able to scroll up or down on the cm600 config page using the safari browser on my iphone/ipad when in horizontal view. what should i do?	Yes. You can log on to the genie GUI, then select  ADVANCED >  SETUP >  LAN SETUP. The ”LAN Setup” window will appear, type in your selected device name in the Device Name field.	0
I am not able to scroll up or down on the cm600 config page using the safari browser on my iphone/ipad when in horizontal view. what should i do?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
I am not able to scroll up or down on the cm600 config page using the safari browser on my iphone/ipad when in horizontal view. what should i do?	* [ReadyDR FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/31224)	0
I am running a pc with vista, and i lose wireless connection to the router every once in a while. i can’t reconnect to the router even after rebooting the pc.	Vista PC enables DHCP broadcasting by default, and this seems to be the cause of this issue. You can either simply power cycle the router to reconnect the wireless adapter, or you can refer to this Microsoft article ([http://support.microsoft.com/kb/928233](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/928233)) for instructions on disabling DHCP broadcasting.	1
I am running a pc with vista, and i lose wireless connection to the router every once in a while. i can’t reconnect to the router even after rebooting the pc.	* Press the Security button of one of the XAVB2101 units for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
I am running a pc with vista, and i lose wireless connection to the router every once in a while. i can’t reconnect to the router even after rebooting the pc.	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the	0
I am running a pc with vista, and i lose wireless connection to the router every once in a while. i can’t reconnect to the router even after rebooting the pc.	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
I am running a pc with vista, and i lose wireless connection to the router every once in a while. i can’t reconnect to the router even after rebooting the pc.	The C3000/C3700 currently has VPN passthrough as disabled. This will be enabled in a future firmware release. However, we do have a hotfix that you can try to enable VPN passthrough. Please click [VPN pass-through Hotfix](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26099) for more information.	0
I am running a pc with vista, and i lose wireless connection to the router every once in a while. i can’t reconnect to the router even after rebooting the pc.	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 145Mbps or 300Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
I am unable to log in to the superuser access account with the login information provided in the user manual. what is the correct username and login?	"* For superuser access, enter ""MSO"" (all uppercase) for the user name and ""changeme"" (lowercase) for password."	1
I am unable to log in to the superuser access account with the login information provided in the user manual. what is the correct username and login?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I am unable to log in to the superuser access account with the login information provided in the user manual. what is the correct username and login?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAU2511 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
I am unable to log in to the superuser access account with the login information provided in the user manual. what is the correct username and login?	The default IP address is 192.168.5.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default credentials “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
I am unable to log in to the superuser access account with the login information provided in the user manual. what is the correct username and login?	3G: HSPA / UMTS @ 2100MHz and 2G: GSM / GPRS / EDGE @ 850/900/ 1800/1900MHz	0
I am unable to log in to the superuser access account with the login information provided in the user manual. what is the correct username and login?	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate WiFi networks simultaneously using both 2.4- and 5- frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated WiFi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
I am unable to view the album art on itunes through the remote app on ipad, but it works through a computer.	The Remote application on iOS devices such as iPad and iPhone uses iTunes to play content only. It merely sees the files and plays them just like an external remote control. The actual files and album art are installed on the computer. Album art will not be visible through the Remote app.	1
I am unable to view the album art on itunes through the remote app on ipad, but it works through a computer.	For 802.11n and 802.11a the default is Up to 130Mbps. To change this to Up to 270Mbps log into the management interface Wireless Settings page and change the mode. For 802.11g the default is Up to 54Mpbs.	0
I am unable to view the album art on itunes through the remote app on ipad, but it works through a computer.	The DGND3700v2 does not support multiple PVC and/or IGMP.	0
I am unable to view the album art on itunes through the remote app on ipad, but it works through a computer.	* Green: The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps.	0
I am unable to view the album art on itunes through the remote app on ipad, but it works through a computer.	WNDR3400v3 came with configured SSID and Passphrase. Users do not need to configure the wireless SSID and passphrase to set security. The SSID and Passphrase are printed on the back of the router.	0
I am unable to view the album art on itunes through the remote app on ipad, but it works through a computer.	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	0
I am unable to view the album art through a remote application on the ipad, but it works through a computer. why is that?	The remote application on the iPad is only using iTunes as a remote control to play content using the iPad/iPhone. It merely sees the files and can play them just like an external remote control. The actual files are installed on the computer.	1
I am unable to view the album art through a remote application on the ipad, but it works through a computer. why is that?	WNDA4100 can support 802.1x setting, WPA-enterprise and WPA2-enterprise. User must use Microsoft Wireless Auto Config tool (Or Wireless Zero Config tool in XP) to select the credential. Adapter genie doesn’t provide GUI page for user to select credential.	0
I am unable to view the album art through a remote application on the ipad, but it works through a computer. why is that?	These are the information that we can give about this extender:	0
I am unable to view the album art through a remote application on the ipad, but it works through a computer. why is that?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I am unable to view the album art through a remote application on the ipad, but it works through a computer. why is that?	a. No, there are no hard limits for any of the NETGEAR ProSECURE security appliances. The suggested user counts are conservative recommendations based on the specific throughput, connection handling, email handling, and client handling specifications of each individual appliance. For more information on appliance sizing for your application see THIS LINK.	0
I am unable to view the album art through a remote application on the ipad, but it works through a computer. why is that?	The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web genie. Go to  ADVANCED >  SETUP >  WAN SETUP and change the  WAN PREFERENCE to “ MUST USE ETHERNET WAN”, then click  APPLY.	0
I bought a wnhde111 bundle, which one should i plug to the router?	Either one is fine. Both units come in with “Auto” mode, they will correctly set itself to AP mode when plugging behind the router.	1
I bought a wnhde111 bundle, which one should i plug to the router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I bought a wnhde111 bundle, which one should i plug to the router?	One possible root cause is because WNDA4100 enters scan mode. You can open “Device Manager”. Select NETGEAR N900 Wireless Dual Band USB adapter device. Then right click and choose “property”. Select Advanced page. You can see a configuration parameter called “Multimedia and gaming mode environment”. You can enable this setting. Turning on this prevents WNDA4100 from going to scan mode too often while WNDA4100 is already connected..	0
I bought a wnhde111 bundle, which one should i plug to the router?	C6250 is a dual-band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device's capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	0
I bought a wnhde111 bundle, which one should i plug to the router?	The XAV101v2 does not support 10/100 M half mode. Please do not set your Ethernet NIC cards to either 10M half mode or 100M half mode.	0
I bought a wnhde111 bundle, which one should i plug to the router?	Yes, the WNR2000v4 supports WPS. You can use the hardware button located in front or use the WPS using the wizard on the NETGEAR genie.	0
I can't access d6200(b) web setup page.	* Please make sure the connected PC/NB or mobile phone is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	1
I can't access d6200(b) web setup page.	The default IP Address of WNDR3400v3 is 192.168.1.1 and the login credentials are admin for default username and the default password is password.	0
I can't access d6200(b) web setup page.	The following features require the Digital Entertainer software to be running on a PC:	0
I can't access d6200(b) web setup page.	You can use a web browser and type the URL: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1/) the login name is “admin” (without the double quotes) and the password is “password” (without the double quotes).	0
I can't access d6200(b) web setup page.	The CM600 supports up to 24 downstream channels and 8 upstream channels.	0
I can't access d6200(b) web setup page.	It supports a maximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
I can't access r6250 web setup page.	1. Please make sure the connected PC/NB or mobile phone is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	1
I can't access r6250 web setup page.	No, the AC785 does not work without a paid data plan. Data plan and SIM card can be purchased from a mobile operator in your area.	0
I can't access r6250 web setup page.	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	0
I can't access r6250 web setup page.	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
I can't access r6250 web setup page.	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes amber.	0
I can't access r6250 web setup page.	The ideal location to place the Extender is half-way between your wireless router and your computer, but the extender MUST be within the wireless range of the wireless router. For more information, see [Where should I place my NETGEAR WiFi range extender?](https://kb.netgear.com/25508/Where-should-I-place-my-NETGEAR-Wi-Fi-range-extender) and [How far should I place my Nighthawk X6S Tri-Band WiFi Range Extender from my router?](https://kb.netgear.com/000045828/How-far-should-I-place-my-Nighthawk-X6S-Tri-Band-WiFi-Range-Extender-from-my-router).	0
I can't access wnce4004 web setup page.	1. WNCE4004 does not support wireless configuration. Please setup the device by WPS or using genie through the PC.	1
I can't access wnce4004 web setup page.	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
I can't access wnce4004 web setup page.	One possibility is that you didn’t set your AP/Router to “Up to 300Mbps” or “20/40MHz” or “Auto” mode. The max link rate of WNA1100 is 150Mbps at 40MHz mode because of this is 1 x 1 solution.	0
I can't access wnce4004 web setup page.	The password can be restored with the Factory Defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
I can't access wnce4004 web setup page.	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. For more details, see [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
I can't access wnce4004 web setup page.	EEE (Energy Efficient Ethernet) is an IEEE standard of 802.3az, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
I can't access wnce4004's installation page.	Please try the following steps:	1
I can't access wnce4004's installation page.	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
I can't access wnce4004's installation page.	A VoIP uses cable television wires instead of traditional telephone lines to provide voice and fax service.	0
I can't access wnce4004's installation page.	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
I can't access wnce4004's installation page.	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
I can't access wnce4004's installation page.	This security option is only available on the 2.4 GHz band and not available on the 5GHz band.	0
I can't connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	1
I can't connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	MicroUSB can be used as a power source for PR2000 from a laptop USB port while traveling. The USB 2.0 port can be used for ReadySHARE Storage or printer function when PR2000 is powered by Alternative Current (AC) source. USB 2.0 port can also act as a charger for your portable device, such as cell phone when PR2000 is plugged in (AC) socket.	0
I can't connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
I can't connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	Yes, there's a USB port on the back of the R6220; it's a USB 2.0 port. You can use this USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready Share printer.	0
I can't connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	The resolution of the Night Vision Camera is the same during normal light or at night.	0
I can't connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid white before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid white, make sure the DSL cable is connected to the DSL RJ11 port of the D7000 modem router.	0
I can't see the neotv 350 startup screen or menu.	Make sure that the TV input is set to the port where the NeoTV 350 cable is connected and make sure that all cable connections are firmly secured.	1
I can't see the neotv 350 startup screen or menu.	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
I can't see the neotv 350 startup screen or menu.	Additional information and utility can be found at [http://www.netgear.com/netgear-genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/netgear-genie.aspx).	0
I can't see the neotv 350 startup screen or menu.	DGND3800B automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
I can't see the neotv 350 startup screen or menu.	[Official 6.4.1](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30110)	0
I can't see the neotv 350 startup screen or menu.	WEP and WPA-PSK [TKIP] (for 54Mbps only)	0
I cannot access to the internet through the router.	"Follow the Installation Guide or user manual to make sure the correct connection among your PC, the router and the modem. Configure your PC to obtain the IP address automatically. By default, the router's IP address is 192.168.1.1. Try to Ping the 192.168.1.1 from your PC. If the PING works, launch the web browser and type in http://192.168.1.1 or http://www.routerlogin.net to access the router. The default login id is ""admin"", and the password is ""password"". The ""Smart Wizard"" of the router can help to automatically detect the Internet connection."	1
I cannot access to the internet through the router.	If your client has good wifi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	0
I cannot access to the internet through the router.	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAV1004 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
I cannot access to the internet through the router.	* Type 1: Full 2.4 GHZ configuration supporting - 802.11n/802.11g/ 802.11b	0
I cannot access to the internet through the router.	When Supervisory blade in Slot-1 is removed, hitless failover automatically happens and Back-up blade in Slot-2 becomes the ‘new’ Supervisor. Now, when the blade in Slot-1 has been serviced and/or replaced, nothing happens automatically, by design. The admin has to issue a command in the CLI (movemanagement <2> <1>) or perform a GUI configuration (System > Chassis > Basic > Chassis Configuration) in order to request reverse fail back to Slot-1 as the new Supervisor slot. This provides more control to the admin, while ensuring non-stop switching/routing and hitless fail back mechanism for the entire fabric and management. Network traffic isn’t impacted by the fail back.	0
I cannot access to the internet through the router.	It is an acronym of Just a Bunch of Disks. There is no Raid configured and the user will utilize the disk as they were single disks.	0
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	1
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	Yes, the C7000 does support VPN pass-through.	0
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	Yes, if Ethernet port 1 and Ethernet port 2 are not connected to an Ethernet port aggregation supported device, they act just like regular Ethernet ports.	0
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	The 20/40MHz Connection is enabled. This is a feature on the router to make the 2.4GHz frequency connection become more stable on the router since there is a lot of interference when using this frequency. You can enable/disable this feature by going to  ADVANCED > ADVANCED SETUP > WIRELESS SETTINGS.	0
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. how should i troubleshoot?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the Extender network and your PC is configured as DHCP client mode. In your browser, type the URL [http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net). If you still cannot access the Extender, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net).	0
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. what should i do to troubleshoot the issue?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	1
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. what should i do to troubleshoot the issue?	There is no option available in the GUI to upgrade firmware for the C3000/C3700. The firmware upgrade is done automatically through your internet service provider. They will push the firmware through their network. No action is needed by the customer.	0
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. what should i do to troubleshoot the issue?	Yes. This is the default setting for Intel Wireless Display. (Note: recommend deleting this Q&A as it's not necessary. Recommend substituting the question below instead).	0
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. what should i do to troubleshoot the issue?	The unit can be set to pure “bridge” or “modem” mode by configuring the Device Mode page listed in the firmware Management Interface under Advanced.	0
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. what should i do to troubleshoot the issue?	It supports 4 types of QoS service. This includes QoS settings for applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. The user can configure QoS based the way the product is used to set internet traffic priority for the best efficiency for the user's situation.	0
I cannot connect through vpn to my router. what should i do to troubleshoot the issue?	In Web Security > HTTP & HTTPS > URL Filtering, block all URLs while allowing the user login link to be on the resulting page.	0
I cannot play m4a files on my eva700 using windows media connect, but i can play it fine using twonkyvision.	Windows Media Connect (at this time) doesn’t allow for streaming of M4A (AAC) files, so if you want to play these files on Media Connect (or Windows Media Center), you’ll need to convert them to MP3 files.	1
I cannot play m4a files on my eva700 using windows media connect, but i can play it fine using twonkyvision.	"PR2000 is designed as a portable travel router; that is, PR2000 will examine the existing ""Profile List"" when user changes his location."	0
I cannot play m4a files on my eva700 using windows media connect, but i can play it fine using twonkyvision.	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
I cannot play m4a files on my eva700 using windows media connect, but i can play it fine using twonkyvision.	The D6400 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D6400 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, significantly more features such NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	0
I cannot play m4a files on my eva700 using windows media connect, but i can play it fine using twonkyvision.	No. Universal WiFi Range Extender is designed to work as an AP/client bridge, not an access point. The proper usage of the product is to wirelessly connect the Extender to the existing router—in this case, the Extender functions as a client. On the other end, wirelessly connect the Extender to the PC—in this case, the Extender functions as an access point.	0
I cannot play m4a files on my eva700 using windows media connect, but i can play it fine using twonkyvision.	Yes, WPN824N is workable under Mac OS, and you may access Internet without problem via browser Safari 1.4 higher version.	0
I can’t access genie ui setup page.	1. Please make sure the connected device is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	1
I can’t access genie ui setup page.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I can’t access genie ui setup page.	Enter http://192.168.1.1 or http://www.routerlogin.net in the address field of your web browser.	0
I can’t access genie ui setup page.	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router. Users can put the switch either at “wireless” or “wired” position depending on the use scenario. “Wired” position is selected if the Internet is reachable from a wired connection, for instance, by a DSL modem or another router’s LAN port. Otherwise, “wireless” position is preferred if a user wants to share a Hotspot wireless connection among various wireless devices.	0
I can’t access genie ui setup page.	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
I can’t access genie ui setup page.	 Yes, the NeoTV Prime uses Google TV, which uses the android platform. For more information on Google TV, you can go to the Google Developers sit at https://developers.google.com/tv/faq .	0
I can’t access genie ui setup page?	1. Please make sure the connected device is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	1
I can’t access genie ui setup page?	If your device connected to LAN port is fast Ethernet, 10/100Mbps, you will see green color on LAN port LED.	0
I can’t access genie ui setup page?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 145Mbps or 300Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
I can’t access genie ui setup page?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the WNDR3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
I can’t access genie ui setup page?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX6100. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX6100. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router. To get the translated MAC address:	0
I can’t access genie ui setup page?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
I can’t access wnce2001 web gui (configuration page). what should i do?	* Make sure the LAN LED of WNCE2001 is on. Make sure your Ethernet adapter is set to DHCP mode.	1
I can’t access wnce2001 web gui (configuration page). what should i do?	1. Write down all the settings which you changed from the default values, since you may need to reenter them manually.	0
I can’t access wnce2001 web gui (configuration page). what should i do?	1. SMB clients now see the share quota usage when checking volume usage.	0
I can’t access wnce2001 web gui (configuration page). what should i do?	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change, SSID, WPA Keys, etc.) will be reset to original factory default values.	0
I can’t access wnce2001 web gui (configuration page). what should i do?	Yes. The Intel Wireless Display supports the following display modes.	0
I can’t access wnce2001 web gui (configuration page). what should i do?	Even though the CMD31T is a DOCSIS 3.0 certified cable modem, it is also backwards compatible with DOCSIS 2.0.	0
I can’t access wnce3001 web gui.	* Make sure the LED of WNCE3001 is either green or amber in color. Please make sure your device connected to WNCE3001 is set to obtain IP address dynamically or DHCP mode.	1
I can’t access wnce3001 web gui.	The Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router has two USB ports. Both the USB 3.0 port and USB 2.0 are located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as a USB printer and the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 hard drives.	0
I can’t access wnce3001 web gui.	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
I can’t access wnce3001 web gui.	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
I can’t access wnce3001 web gui.	The frequencies used by XAV5001 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	0
I can’t access wnce3001 web gui.	You need a base station to connect Arlo Wire-Free cameras. You don't need a base station with Arlo Q cameras. Arlo Q cameras connect directly to your Wi-Fi router.	0
I can’t find any wifi network after i installed wna1100 software.	There is an known issue with some Lenovo Access Connection + non-Centrino built-in wireless adapters which causes our software installation may not be installed successfully. If you see this problem, please try to uninstall WNA1100 software and re-install it again. It should be able to solve this problem. We are aware of this issue and we do our best on solving all these compatibility issues.	1
I can’t find any wifi network after i installed wna1100 software.	Yes, the C6300 does support IPv6.	0
I can’t find any wifi network after i installed wna1100 software.	* For each XAVB5602 device, press its Security button for >1.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
I can’t find any wifi network after i installed wna1100 software.	"You will need to enter ""guest"" as username in the Windows pop-up screen for Read-only access ad leave password blank. For administrator access, please enter the same login username and password you have set on your router (by default, username is ""admin"" and password is ""password"")."	0
I can’t find any wifi network after i installed wna1100 software.	The admin logins for this models should also be admin for username and password for password, unless the router was reflashed with a third party firmware. There were cases that it was found out that the router was autoset as AP because there is an existing modem/router in the network. In such cases, you may set the router as AP via LAN to LAN setup.	0
I can’t find any wifi network after i installed wna1100 software.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I can’t locate the wps push button on wna1100.	"1. If you run ""NETGEAR"" GUI, you can see a instruction graph to guide you where the Push Button is by clicking WPS AP from “Networks” page of NTGR GUI or clicking “Join a Network” button."	1
I can’t locate the wps push button on wna1100.	No, your DGN2200v4 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
I can’t locate the wps push button on wna1100.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I can’t locate the wps push button on wna1100.	The EVA8000 can access your PC, Mac, Linux or NAS servers directly. The EVA8000 doesn't require ANY UPnP server (except for DRM content) and we recommend that you do not use UPnP, since this will be slower and make several features not work as well.	0
I can’t locate the wps push button on wna1100.	This button is for user to reset all of the settings back to factory defaults.	0
I can’t locate the wps push button on wna1100.	"Yes, you can access the Stora web GUI from your local LAN by opening a web browser and entering ""http://IP_Address/?local=1""."	0
I connected my smart switch to lan1 and lan2 aggregate port, but it turn down my network. what is the wrong with it?	Ethernet port aggregation only allow the device which supported and configured the 802.3ad link aggregation to connect to it. If connect to 2 ports to the regular switch, it will cause the network broadcast storm (looping). Please be aware of it.	1
I connected my smart switch to lan1 and lan2 aggregate port, but it turn down my network. what is the wrong with it?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
I connected my smart switch to lan1 and lan2 aggregate port, but it turn down my network. what is the wrong with it?	Yes, the EVA8000 can access NAS devices directly. (Note: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA8000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
I connected my smart switch to lan1 and lan2 aggregate port, but it turn down my network. what is the wrong with it?	* Each Ethernet port has one LED.	0
I connected my smart switch to lan1 and lan2 aggregate port, but it turn down my network. what is the wrong with it?	The M6100 series is covered under NETGEAR Lifetime Warranty and it includes:	0
I connected my smart switch to lan1 and lan2 aggregate port, but it turn down my network. what is the wrong with it?	* [Enabling Ethernet port aggregation on R8500](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29910)	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser, but why can’t i see the smart wizard?	* Make sure your PC is set to obtain IP address automatically (or DHCP).	1
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser, but why can’t i see the smart wizard?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5601 Configuration utility.	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser, but why can’t i see the smart wizard?	M6100 Chassis Switch supports third-party DAC passive and active cables, as long as they are SFP+ MSA compliant.	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser, but why can’t i see the smart wizard?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601. XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser, but why can’t i see the smart wizard?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser, but why can’t i see the smart wizard?	For assistance in securing your wireless network, see [Securing your wireless network using WPA2](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/112)	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser.  why am i unable to see netgear genie?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that both the router link LED and the client link LED are lit and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://www.mywifiext.net)	1
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser.  why am i unable to see netgear genie?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser.  why am i unable to see netgear genie?	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser.  why am i unable to see netgear genie?	a. Often times, security solutions that flood users with false positives are quickly viewed as massively annoying. This often results in the solutions being disabled – which defeats the purpose of deploying a security solution in the first place!	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser.  why am i unable to see netgear genie?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser.  why am i unable to see netgear genie?	Only Android and iOS apps are currently available.	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser. why am i unable to see netgear genie?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (not set to static IP). Second, make sure that the Wireless Device to Extender light is solid green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser and enter [www.mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net/) or the extenders default IP [http://192.168.1.250](http://192.168.1.250/).	1
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser. why am i unable to see netgear genie?	"The default password is ""password""."	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser. why am i unable to see netgear genie?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser. why am i unable to see netgear genie?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser. why am i unable to see netgear genie?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that both the router link LED and the client link LED are lit and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](www.mywifiext.net).	0
I connected to netgear_ext and launched a browser. why am i unable to see netgear genie?	This feature is not available on the DGN1000v1. It is only available on the DGN1000v3.	0
I don't see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	8 internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	1
I don't see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
I don't see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	Yes DGN3500 supports up to 4 SSID. Each SSID can configure to have different password	0
I don't see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support Flow Control.	0
I don't see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	During installation via the browser based genie, the Nighthawk WiFi Router looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on the web site every time you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing the genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alert when new firmware is available.	0
I don't see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
I don't want to go through the steps following the setup wizard and i want to configure the router myself, how should i do?	"At 1st page of CD-less installation wizard, you can shoose ""I am an advanced user. I would like to manually configure my new router""."	1
I don't want to go through the steps following the setup wizard and i want to configure the router myself, how should i do?	Yes, the XAVB2101 support VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
I don't want to go through the steps following the setup wizard and i want to configure the router myself, how should i do?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the Router's USB port, allowing access ether via wired and wireless connection.	0
I don't want to go through the steps following the setup wizard and i want to configure the router myself, how should i do?	WNHDB3004 is the highest performing Wireless gear in the market in terms of reliability of streaming 1080P streams over WiFi in a large single family home.	0
I don't want to go through the steps following the setup wizard and i want to configure the router myself, how should i do?	No, the adapter requires drivers and is only compatible with Windows computers (check the product page for the latest available software for your device).	0
I don't want to go through the steps following the setup wizard and i want to configure the router myself, how should i do?	No, DM200 is purely a VDSL/ADSL modem and it does not have WiFi/wireless capabilities.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v2. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	NETGEAR WNR2000v2 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	1
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v2. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps. (Best)	0
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v2. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	The ideal location to place the WiFi Booster is half-way between the existing router and the PC that is outside the range of the existing wireless router. If there isn't a power outlet at this location or you prefer not to place the WiFi Booster at this location, move the Booster closer to the PC. As long as either one of the conditions in Question 1 is met, the WiFi Booster will function as expected.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v2. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	To get the fastest performance with port aggregation, for wired connections use Ethernet port 3 for the first computer, and use Ethernet port 4, 5, or 6 for the second computer. This will allow for speeds up to 2 Gbps with port aggregation. The maximum speed between 4, 5, and 6 is limited to 1Gbps.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v2. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	1. Verify that the NTV550 unit is powered on. Note that after plugging in the unit, the unit remains off until you press the Power button on the front of the unit, right side.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v2. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	Port-based QOS, a unique feature of the XAV1004 and XAVB1004, allows a user to prioritize specific applications by simply plugging a device into a color-coded port on the back of the product. This way, a user can ensure that his gaming console or HD movies always receive unconstrained bandwidth, even when other devices are attempting to transmit data over the shared powerline networking.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v3. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	NETGEAR WNR2000v3 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	1
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v3. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	Yes. It is now added on firmware version 1.0.0.46. It can be seen under Device Mode on Advanced setup.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v3. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	This is a known issue on the CM600. Reboot the modem to fix the issue. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v3. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v3. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	The WNDA3100 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n draft 2.0 specification. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers/access points. WNDA3100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 300Mbps. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wnr2000v3. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	The 20/40MHz Connection is enabled. This is a feature on the router to make the 2.4GHz frequency connection become more stable on the router since there is a lot of interference when using this frequency. You can enable/disable this feature by going to  ADVANCED > ADVANCED SETUP > WIRELESS SETTINGS.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wpn824n. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	NETGEAR WPN824N uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We suggest users to let the device stand up or lie down to achieve the best range and performance suitable in your house.	1
I don’t see antennas on the wpn824n. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	Yes, the XAVB5001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wpn824n. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	The WNDA3100v2 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n draft 2.0 specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNDA3100v2 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 270Mbps. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wpn824n. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wpn824n. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
I don’t see antennas on the wpn824n. do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to get the optimized position in my house?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	The DGN3500 has internal antennas adjusted to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	1
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	The factory default settings for WiFi are SSID = Wireless, Security = WEP (128 bits), and WEP key is 11111111111111111111111111.	0
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	The EX7300/EX6400 can extend any existing wireless network. We suggest you connect to the 5GHz network when available, but any wireless router you have should work.	0
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize performance in my house?	NeoTV supports 2 modes of “power off”: Standby mode, and Power off mode. In Standby mode, the output ports are switched off and the unit is idle, but can be awakened quickly by pressing <Power>. While in Standby mode, the unit draws ~6 watts (compared to ~15 watts while powered up). In Power off mode, the unit uses minimum power state (drawing less than 0.5W), but can still be awakened by pressing <Power>. However, powering on the unit from the full power off state takes longer (30 secs compared to 1 sec).	0
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize the position in my house?	NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses two dipole antennas mounted inside the router case. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments; users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	1
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize the position in my house?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize the position in my house?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize the position in my house?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today:	0
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize the position in my house?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the	0
I don’t see your antennas, do you use internal antennas? how can i adjust the antennas to optimize the position in my house?	Timemachine backup may sometimes fail due to several reasons. Please follow the criteria below to ensure that your Timemachine backup is successful.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to ex6120 or ex6000 through wireless. what can i do in order to access extender again?	Please connect to extender through wired, and login at [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://www.mywifiext.net) and check the wireless setting page. If you still cannot access the extender, please reset it back to factory default.	1
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to ex6120 or ex6000 through wireless. what can i do in order to access extender again?	Each Ethernet port has two LEDs located on the left side of the unit.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to ex6120 or ex6000 through wireless. what can i do in order to access extender again?	No, the WNR2000v5 does not support this function.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to ex6120 or ex6000 through wireless. what can i do in order to access extender again?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS, and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to ex6120 or ex6000 through wireless. what can i do in order to access extender again?	For detailed instructions on Nighthawk Tri-band extender log in, see [How to log into the Nighthawk Tri-Band WiFi Range Extender](https://kb.netgear.com/000044735/How-to-log-into-the-Nighthawk-Tri-Band-WiFi-Range-Extender).	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to ex6120 or ex6000 through wireless. what can i do in order to access extender again?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to wn31000rp through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn31000rp?	Please connect to WN31000RPT through wired, and login at [http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net), and check the wireless setting page. If you still cannot access WN31000RP, please reset WN31000RP back to factory default.	1
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to wn31000rp through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn31000rp?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601, XAV1401, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to wn31000rp through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn31000rp?	We recommend using LACP IEEE 802.3ad Dynamic Link aggregation mode. For the hash type, we recommend using Layer 2 + 3.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to wn31000rp through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn31000rp?	Traditional wireless networks (802.11b, 802.11g) use the 2.4 GHz frequency. However this frequency is very crowded as many devices in a typical home use it including Bluetooth, microwave ovens, some cordless phones, and baby monitors. This problem of crowded frequencies is compounded now that WiFi has become very popular, as many neighboring homes / apartments will also have WiFi on 2.4 GHz. The result is slow / inconsistent connections and shared bandwidth. This is particularly a problem when attempted high end applications such as Video Streaming. The 5 GHz frequency is much cleaner, with far less devices using it. And there are much more “channels” to choose from on 5 GHz, so even if many neighbors use 5 GHz, it is very easy to find a channel that no-one is using, and therefore has no interference. NETGEAR’s Dual Band technology uses both 2.4 GHz for backwards compatibility and 5 GHz for low interference networking.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to wn31000rp through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn31000rp?	Yes, the XAVB5602 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i can not connect to wn31000rp through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn31000rp?	The WNDR4500 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i cannot connect to ex2700 through wireless. what can i do in order to access the ex2700?	Please connect to EX2700 through wired, and login at http://www.mywifiext.net, and check the wireless setting page.If you still cannot access the extender, please reset it back to factory default.	1
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i cannot connect to ex2700 through wireless. what can i do in order to access the ex2700?	It depends on the mode you have selected. The extender is designed to connect wirelessly to the router in “Extender” mode and to connect with an Ethernet cable to the router in “Access Point” mode.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i cannot connect to ex2700 through wireless. what can i do in order to access the ex2700?	No.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i cannot connect to ex2700 through wireless. what can i do in order to access the ex2700?	You can use the following to log in:	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i cannot connect to ex2700 through wireless. what can i do in order to access the ex2700?	It's down-converted to whatever the resolution is that you're using. If you're set to 720p component, it's down-converted to 720p. If you're using 480i NTSC, then it's down-converted to 480i NTSC.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, i cannot connect to ex2700 through wireless. what can i do in order to access the ex2700?	You can add up to eight power line devices.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i can not connect to wn2000rpt through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn2000rpt?	* Please connect to WN2000RPT through wired, and log in at http://www.mywifiext.net, and check the wireless setting page.	1
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i can not connect to wn2000rpt through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn2000rpt?	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i can not connect to wn2000rpt through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn2000rpt?	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i can not connect to wn2000rpt through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn2000rpt?	None of the home routers support SNMP.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i can not connect to wn2000rpt through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn2000rpt?	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i can not connect to wn2000rpt through wireless. what can i do in order to access wn2000rpt?	To upgrade your router firmware, see [Installing the latest firmware on a NETGEAR router](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23442)	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i cannot connect to wifi booster through wireless. what can i do in order to access wifi booster?	Please reset WiFi Booster back to factory default and setup again.	1
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i cannot connect to wifi booster through wireless. what can i do in order to access wifi booster?	D6200 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i cannot connect to wifi booster through wireless. what can i do in order to access wifi booster?	For setup instructions on various NETGEAR models, see [Installing and configuring NETGEAR WiFi Range Extenders](https://kb.netgear.com/23517/Installing-and-configuring-NETGEAR-WiFi-Range-Extenders).	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i cannot connect to wifi booster through wireless. what can i do in order to access wifi booster?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i cannot connect to wifi booster through wireless. what can i do in order to access wifi booster?	Qualcomm 8200A	0
I entered a wrong wireless security passphrase during installation, so i cannot connect to wifi booster through wireless. what can i do in order to access wifi booster?	[How can I disable private home shares?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21457)	0
I got an error message in the “review settings” page in the smart wizard. what should i do?	Make sure your PC is connected to the WiFi Booster by using the SSID and the passphrase that you have just set up, and clicking the Refresh button in your browser. This will return you to the Smart Wizard.	1
I got an error message in the “review settings” page in the smart wizard. what should i do?	Yes, the recovery procedure is :	0
I got an error message in the “review settings” page in the smart wizard. what should i do?	Arlo Q delivers video in 1080p HD. It also comes with two-way audio so that you can both listen and talk back and forth.	0
I got an error message in the “review settings” page in the smart wizard. what should i do?	JNR3210/JNR3000 provides a preset SSID (network name) and password. If you do not change the default SSID and password, you can find both on the lable of the bottom case.	0
I got an error message in the “review settings” page in the smart wizard. what should i do?	VDSL is Very high bit-rate DSL and is compliant with ITU G.993.1 (VDSL) and G.993.2 (VDSL2). The maximum Downstream/Upstream speed for VDSL2 is 100Mbps/100Mbps. ADSL is Asymmetric DSL which is compliant with G.992.x and has a slower and asymmetric maximum Downstream/Upstream speed of 24Mbps/1Mbps.	0
I got an error message in the “review settings” page in the smart wizard. what should i do?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
I had the ethernet port connected and now when i disconnect, the ethernet led is still blinking. what should i do?	This is a known issue on the CM600. Reboot the modem to fix the issue. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	1
I had the ethernet port connected and now when i disconnect, the ethernet led is still blinking. what should i do?	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
I had the ethernet port connected and now when i disconnect, the ethernet led is still blinking. what should i do?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
I had the ethernet port connected and now when i disconnect, the ethernet led is still blinking. what should i do?	WNDA3100 is in the process of applying the DFS (Dynamic Frequency Selection) certification at various regions worldwide. At this time, please configure your 5GHz router running at non-DFS channels. The non-DFS channels for US are channel 36-48 and 149-161. The non-DFS channels for Europe are channel 36 to channel 48.	0
I had the ethernet port connected and now when i disconnect, the ethernet led is still blinking. what should i do?	No, the cable router should automatically be provisioned by the service provider. Please contact your service provider if the unit is unable to connect online.	0
I had the ethernet port connected and now when i disconnect, the ethernet led is still blinking. what should i do?	See the table below for antenna specifications.	0
I have a problem with voip application (one way voice, bad voice quality, no sip registration, etc.). how can fix it?	C7000 has SIP ALG enabled by default. Some of the new SIP applications may not work well with SIP ALG enabled. Please disable SIP ALG from Advanced > Setup > WAN Setup and check “disable SIP ALG”.	1
I have a problem with voip application (one way voice, bad voice quality, no sip registration, etc.). how can fix it?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setupâ„¢) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
I have a problem with voip application (one way voice, bad voice quality, no sip registration, etc.). how can fix it?	NETGEAR recommends a maximum of 300 feet of cable between the root node and the coax outlet.	0
I have a problem with voip application (one way voice, bad voice quality, no sip registration, etc.). how can fix it?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I have a problem with voip application (one way voice, bad voice quality, no sip registration, etc.). how can fix it?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
I have a problem with voip application (one way voice, bad voice quality, no sip registration, etc.). how can fix it?	The FastUplink feature is used for quick selection of a port with lowest cost, when the root port fails. In other words, FastUplink feature is used to reduce the time taken to converge, when a link fails. This feature is similar to Cisco® Uplink Fast feature. When the primary link fails, FastUplink will create an alternate path immediately. Since the ports that apply FastUplink don’t have to wait for normal convergence time, this will speed up the transition from the failed primary link to the backup link (the port in a blocking state).	0
I have a voip phone connected to c6300, however, i am not able to hear voice from the other party. what should i do?	Please go to genie GUI, select “ADVANCED” tab, then select “Setup” -> “WAN Setup”, From the right panel, check the “Default DMZ Server” box and fill in the VoIP phone IP address, then click on “Apply” button to activate it.	1
I have a voip phone connected to c6300, however, i am not able to hear voice from the other party. what should i do?	No, the AC762S does not work without a paid data plan. Data plan and the associated SIM card can be purchased from a mobile operator in your area.	0
I have a voip phone connected to c6300, however, i am not able to hear voice from the other party. what should i do?	"If after repositioning the WN3100RP, one of the Arrow LED is still blinking, then it means you did not succeed to position the Extender in an ""ideal"" location where it would give the best performance."	0
I have a voip phone connected to c6300, however, i am not able to hear voice from the other party. what should i do?	Please reset WiFi Booster back to factory default and setup again.	0
I have a voip phone connected to c6300, however, i am not able to hear voice from the other party. what should i do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I have a voip phone connected to c6300, however, i am not able to hear voice from the other party. what should i do?	 XAV1401V1: To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1401 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
I have an intel viiv technology enabled pc, but i do not have a viiv-verified router. can i still use my digital entertainer with my viiv pc?	Yes, you will be able to access content on the PC via both the Intel Media Server and the Intel Viiv Zone. However, without a Viiv router, you will be unable to use your Intel Viiv PC to easily connect the Digital Entertainer to your network wirelessly. In this case, you must enter wireless network parameters manually. Please see the User Guide for instructions.	1
I have an intel viiv technology enabled pc, but i do not have a viiv-verified router. can i still use my digital entertainer with my viiv pc?	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. Please find more details at [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
I have an intel viiv technology enabled pc, but i do not have a viiv-verified router. can i still use my digital entertainer with my viiv pc?	"* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Restore Factory Settings"" button located on the rear panel of the router for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber."	0
I have an intel viiv technology enabled pc, but i do not have a viiv-verified router. can i still use my digital entertainer with my viiv pc?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I have an intel viiv technology enabled pc, but i do not have a viiv-verified router. can i still use my digital entertainer with my viiv pc?	No.	0
I have an intel viiv technology enabled pc, but i do not have a viiv-verified router. can i still use my digital entertainer with my viiv pc?	MU-MIMO is a new Wi-Fi technology which allows multiple 1x1 or 2x2 clients to transmit and receive wireless packets at the same time. With the current technology, the router handles wireless packets one at a time, even with multiple Wi-Fi clients. MU-MIMO can break this limitation and also be very useful for current popular Wi-Fi devices, like mobile devices and IoT devices. Your Wi-Fi client must support the MU-MIMO capability in order to receive the benefits of it.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get ip address from wn2500rp, how should i do?	Please double check the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct.	1
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get ip address from wn2500rp, how should i do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product .	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get ip address from wn2500rp, how should i do?	NETGEAR genie 2.4.16 or later, for Windows.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get ip address from wn2500rp, how should i do?	The ReadyNAS OS 6 device protects user data by scanning all files as they are written to the NAS. This includes scanning for virus, malware, and Trojans. The user does not need to subscribe or pay an additional fee for this feature. All the user needs to do is enable it in the System - Settings page.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get ip address from wn2500rp, how should i do?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get ip address from wn2500rp, how should i do?	NETGEAR recommends at least 1.2Mbps. You might also need a router if you cannot connect the player directly to your cable or DSL modem.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3700. what should i do?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3700 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	1
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3700. what should i do?	* The update process is completed when the onscreen progress bar completes. During the firmware update, the Power LED blinks amber. After the firmware update is done, the router restarts and the Power LED illuminates solid amber.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3700. what should i do?	Some approaches may help you to get a higher link rate and throughput in your environment:	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3700. what should i do?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 800Mbps” for 2.4 GHz & “Up to 1733Mbps” for 5 GHz.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3700. what should i do?	You have 2 options: let the wizard detect whether new firmware is available or manually upload the firmware to the router:	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3700. what should i do?	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3800. what should i do?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3800 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	1
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3800. what should i do?	To ensure the maximum performance at 5GHz between WNDA3100v2 and Linksys WRT600N, please configure your Linksys router to use a higher channel number on the wide channel than the standard channel number when operating in Wide-40MHz channel. The Radio Band of Wide – 40MHz channel means the router is functioning at HT 40 mode. Set the wide channel to 46 and standard channel to 44 – 5.220GHz to see the maximum 5GHz performance between WNDA3100v2 and WRT600N. If your Linksys router is running at HT20 mode (20MHz channel) then there is no manual setting required to achieve high throughput between the two products.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3800. what should i do?	R6900 supports 2.4GHz + 256 QAM Wi-Fi. Current market availability does not yet support 256 QAM. When available, R6900 users can take immediate advantage of the speed boost.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3800. what should i do?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3800. what should i do?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex3800. what should i do?	Yes.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6100. what should i do?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX6100 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	1
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6100. what should i do?	When plugged into a the lower terminal of vertical two socket wall outlet, the PLP1200 may interfere with some, larger plugs. However, almost all 2 prong plugs and many 3 prong plugs will still fit.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6100. what should i do?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6100. what should i do?	One bottleneck of network traffic can be when both ports on the Powerline are streaming data at the same time. The XAV2602 is designed to have two Ethernet ports: One Video port and one Data port for users to connect more network devices. That means you could utilize both ports at the same time and create heavy load traffic to the Powerline network. In that case, some packets could be dropped due to the limitation of the Powerline bandwidth. Therefore, the XAV2602 supports Port-based QoS mechanism that helps you prioritize the traffic going through the Video and Data ports at the same time. NETGEAR recommends that you connect the network devices that generate high priority traffic to the Video port. For instance, you could connect your multimedia server, router, and network-attached storage device to the Video port. It will guarantee the media streaming traffic passing through the Powerline network gets a higher priority than the traffic coming through the Data port. On the other hand, you could connect your PC to the Data port of XAV2602, as your PC does not generate heavy load traffic to the Powerline network.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6100. what should i do?	OpenVPN is the same as VPN passthrough. No configuration is needed on the router to setup VPN. This requires VPN client software to setup connection.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6100. what should i do?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6120 or ex6000. what should i do?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the extender and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	1
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6120 or ex6000. what should i do?	No, it doesn't.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6120 or ex6000. what should i do?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘statistics” to get what you need.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6120 or ex6000. what should i do?	WPS supports WPA/WPA2 security, if your Router is using WEP security you will need to walk through the Extender Genie setup.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6120 or ex6000. what should i do?	DGND3700 product is a powerful and full featured DSL router with a Dual core processor to handle the most computation intensive tasks easily. It simultaneously supports Wi-Fi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the ex6120 or ex6000. what should i do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the extender. what should i do?	Make sure that the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the extender and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	1
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the extender. what should i do?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the Extender network and your PC is configured as DHCP client mode. In your browser, type the URL [http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net). If you still cannot access the Extender, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net).	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the extender. what should i do?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the WNDR3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the extender. what should i do?	"1. If you run ""NETGEAR"" GUI, you can see a instruction graph to guide you where the Push Button is by clicking WPS AP from “Networks” page of NTGR GUI or clicking “Join a Network” button."	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the extender. what should i do?	DGND3700 product is the most powerful and full featured DSL router compared to any DSL wireless router in the market today. With a Dual core processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the extender. what should i do?	You can have more than one Extender connection to your Router network, however you cannot daisy chain your additional Extenders. Daisy chaining is not officially supported and will affect performance for client devices connected to the second Extender in the chain.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the wn3500rp. what should i do?	Make sure that the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the WN3500RP and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	1
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the wn3500rp. what should i do?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the wn3500rp. what should i do?	The DGND3700v2 does not support multiple PVC and/or IGMP.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the wn3500rp. what should i do?	The rear reset button can be used to restore WN802T-200 back to factory defaults. Use a small pin to press the reset button in and hold it in until the power LED changed from blinking green to amber.	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the wn3500rp. what should i do?	192.168.0.1	0
I have completed the installation wizard, but my wireless devices cannot get the ip address from the wn3500rp. what should i do?	ReadyNAS Vault stores your offsite in the Cloud. It is maintained (at a minimum) on multiple devices across several facilities in a system designed to protect the loss of data in one of the facilities, so that even large-scale natural disasters do not pose a threat to the integrity and security of user data. While we do not disclose the exact locations of the facilities, our technical team partners with Amazon Web Services to utilize their physical infrastructure. For more info, see [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208282596-Where-is-my-account-data-physically-stored- ](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208282596-Where-is-my-account-data-physically-stored-Â )	0
I have connected to wn2000rpt and get an ip address from my isp router, but i can not access internet. what can i do?	1. Make sure you have the latest firmware on your WN2000RPT.	1
I have connected to wn2000rpt and get an ip address from my isp router, but i can not access internet. what can i do?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
I have connected to wn2000rpt and get an ip address from my isp router, but i can not access internet. what can i do?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
I have connected to wn2000rpt and get an ip address from my isp router, but i can not access internet. what can i do?	Any 5GHz Wi-Fi channels at 149 and above is recommended for use as they can support better Wi-Fi range and performance.	0
I have connected to wn2000rpt and get an ip address from my isp router, but i can not access internet. what can i do?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501 and XAV1601 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
I have connected to wn2000rpt and get an ip address from my isp router, but i can not access internet. what can i do?	The amount of bandwidth required to transmit compressed HD video varies greatly depending on the resolution (e.g. 720p vs. 1080i vs. 1080p) and the type of compression used (e.g. MPEG2 vs. MPEG4). The following are bandwidth requirements for the most common resolutions:	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control â€“ acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the wn3500rp?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the WN3500RP. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the WN3500RP. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	1
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control â€“ acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the wn3500rp?	* [How do I create a ReadyNAS Vault Account?](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208283016-Register-for-a-ReadyNAS-Vault-Account)	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control â€“ acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the wn3500rp?	The R6100 WiFi Router has a USB 2.0 port on the back.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control â€“ acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the wn3500rp?	Yes, you need to change your screen display setting to extend mode.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control â€“ acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the wn3500rp?	"Check the file permissions for those items and make sure they have ""read"" access allowed for ""Everyone""."	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control â€“ acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the wn3500rp?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router.  what should i do when installing the ex6100?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX6100. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX6100. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router. To get the translated MAC address:	1
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router.  what should i do when installing the ex6100?	This is the same as the normal bridge mode. We recommend using two R7300s to get an optimal bridge connection.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router.  what should i do when installing the ex6100?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router.  what should i do when installing the ex6100?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router.  what should i do when installing the ex6100?	No, it does not have one. The R8000 has a netting or mesh covering. This helps the router to stay cool and for the heat to dissipate properly.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router.  what should i do when installing the ex6100?	No, currently the EVA doesn't support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3700?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX3700. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX3700. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	1
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3700?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3700?	The device has one power LED:	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3700?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3700?	The power consumption is 9.49W	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3700?	It supports a maximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3800?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX3800. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX3800. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	1
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3800?	You can use the following to log in:	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3800?	The XAVB5101 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3800?	There is no limitation in terms of HDD capacity that can be connected, we have tested up to 4TB HDD capacity.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3800?	"Yes. Use the Windows key + P shortcut to select ""extend mode"". You must position the application you want to watch on the TV to the extended display (e.g. drag Windows Media Player past the right edge of the screen until it appears on your TV)."	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex3800?	"At 1st page of CD-less installation wizard, you can shoose ""I am an advanced user. I would like to manually configure my new router""."	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex6120 or ex6000 ?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the extender. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address through EX6120 or EX6000. To allow this wireless device to access the internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router. To get the translated MAC address:	1
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex6120 or ex6000 ?	* On Mac OS X (version 10.2 or later), enter smb://readyshare in the address bar.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex6120 or ex6000 ?	The WNHDB3004 is capable of streaming multiple 1080P throughout a single family home. Today a lot of TVs are 3D and the bandwidth requirement goes higher when you are streaming 3D content over wireless as 3D HD streams which implies Two 1080P streams, one for each eye.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex6120 or ex6000 ?	First, look at the power LED on the front panel of the devices. Both units should be lit solid green or fast blinking. If the bridge side is not connected to the AP, the bridge unit will blink 3 times and repeat that pattern. Once the bridge LED shows connected to AP, you can use the “Config Assistant” tool to find all WNHDE111 devices that are connected in the network. If you bought a bundle, they should connect with each other out of box after plugging one to the router. If the two devices do not connect to each other, press the WPS button on both units (within 2 minutes of the first press), they should connect to each other in a few minutes.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex6120 or ex6000 ?	* [ReadyCLOUD to MyNETGEAR Single Sign-On FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30671)	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control – acl) on my router. what should i do when installing the ex6120 or ex6000 ?	Your USB drive might require external power. The NeoTV 350 USB ports provide only 5 volts and 500 mA.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router. what should i do when installing the extender?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the extender. To allow the wireless device to connect, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	1
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router. what should i do when installing the extender?	No, DM200 only allows you to use VDSL/ADSL port as a WAN port.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router. what should i do when installing the extender?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 15 seconds. You can just push and hold the reset button until you see the power LED is blinking. When that happens, it means the router has restored the factory default configurations and now it's rebooting. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router. what should i do when installing the extender?	NETGEAR has developed a full range of 802.11ac wireless routers and Wi-Fi 802.11ac adapters that integrate the beamforming technique as defined in the IEEE 802.11ac draft specification. This standard based implementation allows for interoperability with any other client device that supports beamforming as defined by Wi-Fi Alliance.	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router. what should i do when installing the extender?	Please check the following:	0
I have enabled a wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router. what should i do when installing the extender?	Yes. R6200 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control - acl) on my router, what should i do when installing wn2500rp?	The wireless device’s MAC Address will be translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the WN2500RP. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not able to get IP address from WN2500RP. You have to add the translated MAC address into the router to allow this wireless device to access Internet.	1
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control - acl) on my router, what should i do when installing wn2500rp?	For this to work, the PC must be directly connected to one of the 4 Ethernet ports on the	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control - acl) on my router, what should i do when installing wn2500rp?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control - acl) on my router, what should i do when installing wn2500rp?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The newest and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control - acl) on my router, what should i do when installing wn2500rp?	No, you do not have to register your router for it to work. You do need to register your router in order to receive technical support, however.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control - acl) on my router, what should i do when installing wn2500rp?	By default, the PL1000 device and PLW1000 use the same default encryption key so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing ex2700?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	1
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing ex2700?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing ex2700?	WNDR3400v3 is a CD-less installation. Just go to [www.routerlogin.com](www.routerlogin.com) or [www.routerlogin.net](www.routerlogin.net) or [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1/) and run the setup wizard or manually configure the router for Internet connection.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing ex2700?	Your USB drive might require external power. The NeoTV 350 USB ports provide only 5 volts and 500 mA.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing ex2700?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 150Mbps support the draft 802.11N	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing ex2700?	1. Press the reset button on the bottom until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5 to 10 seconds.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing wn31000rp?	"Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing WN31000RP. Once you have complete WN31000RP installation, go to WN31000RP GUI ([http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net)), select the ""Attached device"" option on the left page, it will show the information which each computer attached to WN31000RP. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the ""Virtual MAC address"" column into your router."	1
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing wn31000rp?	NETGEAR believes we provide the highest quality products in the market place, and back the Stora with an industry-leading three year warranty.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing wn31000rp?	Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays Error 101 error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing wn31000rp?	Yes it is recommended to buy a Wireless-N Adapter for best performance and upgrade your Wireless-G based Notebooks and desktops to Wireless-N.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing wn31000rp?	Yes, the AirCard 785 will work with any GSM/GPRS/EDGE/HSPA network such as AT&T or T-mobile. Unfortunately no North American LTE networks are supported.	0
I have enabled wireless mac filter (wireless access control) on my router, what should i do when installing wn31000rp?	By default, the PL1000 device and PLW1000 use the same default encryption key so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
I have internet connection via an ethernet connection, but i can not access via wifi.	Please make sure the wireless radio is enabled. If it is not, you can press the WiFi on/off radio button for 2 seconds to turn it on. The WiFi on/off button is located on the front panel of the device.	1
I have internet connection via an ethernet connection, but i can not access via wifi.	NETGEAR home routers do not support Wake-on-LAN so even if the 3rd party adapter has that option, it will not work.	0
I have internet connection via an ethernet connection, but i can not access via wifi.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I have internet connection via an ethernet connection, but i can not access via wifi.	None of the home routers support SNMP.	0
I have internet connection via an ethernet connection, but i can not access via wifi.	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
I have internet connection via an ethernet connection, but i can not access via wifi.	Yes, the XAVB5001 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
I have two wnhd3004, why do they have the same serial number?	It means that the two WNHD3004 are bundled. This can be registered and it will be recognized as WNHDB3004.	1
I have two wnhd3004, why do they have the same serial number?	No, it doesn't.	0
I have two wnhd3004, why do they have the same serial number?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives. The Nighthawk X6 might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R7900 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
I have two wnhd3004, why do they have the same serial number?	The admin logins for this models should also be admin for username and password for password, unless the router was reflashed with a third party firmware. There were cases that it was found out that the router was autoset as AP because there is an existing modem/router in the network. In such cases, you may set the router as AP via LAN to LAN setup.	0
I have two wnhd3004, why do they have the same serial number?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101v2, XAV2001 and XAV1004. It is not compatible with XET1001, XE104, XE102 or HDX101.	0
I have two wnhd3004, why do they have the same serial number?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in on NETGEAR’s WNDR3300 which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port.	0
I heard that this device allow me to have guest wireless networks. how do i enable and configure them?	Guest wireless networks are enabled and configured in “Wireless Guest Network” page of GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	1
I heard that this device allow me to have guest wireless networks. how do i enable and configure them?	This security option is only available on the 2.4 GHz band and not available on the 5GHz band.	0
I heard that this device allow me to have guest wireless networks. how do i enable and configure them?	XWN5021 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when there is no Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The device will resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	0
I heard that this device allow me to have guest wireless networks. how do i enable and configure them?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare)	0
I heard that this device allow me to have guest wireless networks. how do i enable and configure them?	"* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Restore Factory Settings"" button located on the rear panel of the router for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber."	0
I heard that this device allow me to have guest wireless networks. how do i enable and configure them?	Yes, the GS316 supports Flow Control.	0
I lost or cannot use my router configuration cd; what should i do?	The installation or configuration CD is not required to install or configure your router. The Setup Wizard in the router management interface serves the same purpose as the Smart Wizard on the installation CD.	1
I lost or cannot use my router configuration cd; what should i do?	"You can use a web browser and type the URL: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) the login name is ""admin"" (without the double quotes) and the password is ""password"" (without the double quotes)."	0
I lost or cannot use my router configuration cd; what should i do?	WNDR3400v3 is a CD-less installation. Just go to [www.routerlogin.com](www.routerlogin.com) or [www.routerlogin.net](www.routerlogin.net) or [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1/) and run the setup wizard or manually configure the router for Internet connection.	0
I lost or cannot use my router configuration cd; what should i do?	2dBi.	0
I lost or cannot use my router configuration cd; what should i do?	Wireless-N draft 802.11n version 2.0: The 802.11n standard will be the next generation of high-speed Wi-Fi, capable of delivering the range and capacity to support today's most bandwidth-hungry applications, like streaming HD (High Definition) video, voice and music. The IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers) Task Group-N committee is still working to finalize the standard. It is currently expected to be ratified in July of 2009. In the mean time, the WiFi Consortium is certifying Wireless-N products against the draft 2.0 revision of the standards. This creates a de-facto standard in the market that users can take advantage of. NETGEAR Wireless-N products are all WiFi certified.	0
I lost or cannot use my router configuration cd; what should i do?	[How and when do I use the Advanced Options tab?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21456)	0
I noticed four different technologies (14mps, 85mps, 200mps and 500 mbps). do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today:	1
I noticed four different technologies (14mps, 85mps, 200mps and 500 mbps). do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	Pick a plug is a technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
I noticed four different technologies (14mps, 85mps, 200mps and 500 mbps). do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	The USB port allows user to download/upload switch firmware or configuration file using USB flash device. It is also used to recover the firmware image through the utility menu during boot up. It is more effective and easier than using XMODEM serial port protocol for file transfer.	0
I noticed four different technologies (14mps, 85mps, 200mps and 500 mbps). do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	Some older wireless client configuration utility may not be able to handle multiple SSID correctly. You may either upgrade to the later driver for the wireless client or use Windows resident wireless configuration utility instead.	0
I noticed four different technologies (14mps, 85mps, 200mps and 500 mbps). do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable internet service. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
I noticed four different technologies (14mps, 85mps, 200mps and 500 mbps). do these three speeds coexist with each other? do they interoperate with each other ?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I noticed my internet led goes off, but i seem to have a normal internet connection.	This is a bug in the Setup CD which sets the Internet connection idle timeout to 5 minutes. To remove the idle timeout, log into the Basic Settings page and change the Idle Timeout to zero minutes. If you didn't use the Setup CD to configure your device you will not see the problem.	1
I noticed my internet led goes off, but i seem to have a normal internet connection.	a. Virus and spam definitions are constantly updated by NETGEAR ProSECURE Labs employees and your appliance will update itself on an hourly basis by default.	0
I noticed my internet led goes off, but i seem to have a normal internet connection.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I noticed my internet led goes off, but i seem to have a normal internet connection.	* Green: The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps.	0
I noticed my internet led goes off, but i seem to have a normal internet connection.	"It is considered ""best practice"" to make a current backup of any and all critical/important data prior to performing any firmware update."	0
I noticed my internet led goes off, but i seem to have a normal internet connection.	LTE (Long Term Evolution) is the next generation of wireless which uses an IP (Internet Protocol) based infrastructure. LTE will help enable Wireless Services to continue to meet increasing customer demands for a higher bandwidth, low latency service that works broadly in the United States and globally. Also, a majority of carriers around the world have chosen LTE as their long term direction. This will help Wireless meet consumer demand for mobilizing the many applications consumers frequently use when tethered to high-bandwidth wired networks.	0
"I noticed there is sticker on the back of the unit saying ""usb functionality only available with future firmware upgrade"": can you explain?"	We are working on firmware to add USB support to the product. We will provide more details when this firmware update is released.	1
"I noticed there is sticker on the back of the unit saying ""usb functionality only available with future firmware upgrade"": can you explain?"	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet is strongly recommended to get the best performances. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
"I noticed there is sticker on the back of the unit saying ""usb functionality only available with future firmware upgrade"": can you explain?"	Yes, ReadyDATA has 16GB of RAM rather than 4GB.	0
"I noticed there is sticker on the back of the unit saying ""usb functionality only available with future firmware upgrade"": can you explain?"	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
"I noticed there is sticker on the back of the unit saying ""usb functionality only available with future firmware upgrade"": can you explain?"	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
"I noticed there is sticker on the back of the unit saying ""usb functionality only available with future firmware upgrade"": can you explain?"	Currently the EVA 8000 supports the following container formats: AVI, DivX, Xvid WMV, MOV, VOB, MPG, MP1, MP2, MP4, ISO, IFO, M4V.	0
I noticed three different technologies (14mps, 85mps, and 200mps). do these three speeds coexist with each other?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold today by NETGEAR today -- Homeplug 1.0 (including the XE102G, XE102, WGXB102, WGX102);	1
I noticed three different technologies (14mps, 85mps, and 200mps). do these three speeds coexist with each other?	* Check the LED on the front panel of the Digital Entertainer HD to make sure the power is on. Make sure the television is turned on. If the LED on the front panel is not on push “power” on the remote and / or make sure the unit is plugged in.	0
I noticed three different technologies (14mps, 85mps, and 200mps). do these three speeds coexist with each other?	The frequencies used by XAVB5601 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
I noticed three different technologies (14mps, 85mps, and 200mps). do these three speeds coexist with each other?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
I noticed three different technologies (14mps, 85mps, and 200mps). do these three speeds coexist with each other?	Yes, the Stora is hot swappable. However, we strongly recommend that users turn off the unit before removing or installing a hard drive to prevent data corruption or damage to the working drive. A Cold Plug is the opposite which you need to turn off the Stora before removing or installing a hard drive.	0
I noticed three different technologies (14mps, 85mps, and 200mps). do these three speeds coexist with each other?	8K.	0
I own a nighthawk router, what do i need to do during this transition?	If you do not have ReadyCLOUD account, you can use an existing MyNETGEAR.com account or create a MyNETGEAR.com account to use the ReadyCLOUD service.	1
I own a nighthawk router, what do i need to do during this transition?	The Powerline adapter can only be awoken by a device that is connected to its Ethernet port, not via the power outlet. So, if the Powerline adapter is asleep, it can't pass data to the printer (or NAS), only FROM the printer..	0
I own a nighthawk router, what do i need to do during this transition?	When the link is at 10000Mbps, left LED is Green, right LED is off.	0
I own a nighthawk router, what do i need to do during this transition?	Because data traffic routed through the Extender network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing	0
I own a nighthawk router, what do i need to do during this transition?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I own a nighthawk router, what do i need to do during this transition?	The C3700 may inadvertently operate within a currently unsupported 5GHz Wi-Fi channel that has not been approved for use by NETGEAR.	0
I powered on my hotspot before i activated it. what should i do?	If you powered on the hotspot before activating it, do the following:	1
I powered on my hotspot before i activated it. what should i do?	The USB port on the cradle can only be used to connect USB storage devices like flash drives or hard drives, or a printer. The cradle works with most USB-compliant external flash and hard drives.	0
I powered on my hotspot before i activated it. what should i do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I powered on my hotspot before i activated it. what should i do?	The R7300 DST comes with 1 year of support from GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for assistance.	0
I powered on my hotspot before i activated it. what should i do?	Port-based QOS, a unique feature of the XAV1004 and XAVB1004, allows a user to prioritize specific applications by simply plugging a device into a color-coded port on the back of the product. This way, a user can ensure that his gaming console or HD movies always receive unconstrained bandwidth, even when other devices are attempting to transmit data over the shared powerline networking.	0
I powered on my hotspot before i activated it. what should i do?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
I powered on the unit but i don’t see any led turning on, why?	There is a LED switch at the back panel, make sure it is pushed in.	1
I powered on the unit but i don’t see any led turning on, why?	Yes, it supports jumbo frames up to 9,216 bytes.	0
I powered on the unit but i don’t see any led turning on, why?	 The distance (200 feet) from the existing router is too far, thinking that there is also interference. Using a wireless powerline adapter is another option.	0
I powered on the unit but i don’t see any led turning on, why?	The distance you can space the EX7300/EX6400 away from your router will vary from home to home. Walls, electronics, and pipes between the router and the extender can significantly decrease the range of your router's WiFi signals. We suggest you place the EX7300/EX6400 half way between your router and your dead spot.	0
I powered on the unit but i don’t see any led turning on, why?	No, your DGN2200v4 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
I powered on the unit but i don’t see any led turning on, why?	Yes, the R6400 needs to rescan all of the music files when HDD is plugged back in.	0
I pressed the wps button on the bridge but it doesn’t blink, what should i do?	If the bridge is connected to an AP already, it won’t do anything even if WPS is pressed. To force the bridge to enter WPS mode again, press and hold the WPS button for 10 seconds, then it should start to blink again.	1
I pressed the wps button on the bridge but it doesn’t blink, what should i do?	"If after repositioning the WN3100RP, one of the Arrow LED is still blinking, then it means you did not succeed to position the Extender in an ""ideal"" location where it would give the best performance."	0
I pressed the wps button on the bridge but it doesn’t blink, what should i do?	* Make sure you have added the WN2000RPT MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
I pressed the wps button on the bridge but it doesn’t blink, what should i do?	* For each XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 device, press its Security button for > 1.5, < 5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
I pressed the wps button on the bridge but it doesn’t blink, what should i do?	Yes, You can log into the genie GUI, then select ADVANCED > Setup > LAN Setup. Enter in your custom device name in the Device Name field.	0
I pressed the wps button on the bridge but it doesn’t blink, what should i do?	3G: HSPA / UMTS @ 2100MHz and 2G: GSM / GPRS / EDGE @ 850/900/ 1800/1900MHz	0
I reserved some ip addresses for some devices on my router but devices no longer work when i connect them to the extender. what can i do?	The first 3 bytes of MAC address is translated into 02:0F:B5 as mentioned above. Please log into router and add translated MAC addresses into IP reservation list.	1
I reserved some ip addresses for some devices on my router but devices no longer work when i connect them to the extender. what can i do?	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	0
I reserved some ip addresses for some devices on my router but devices no longer work when i connect them to the extender. what can i do?	Two methods can reset the device to factory default. The first method is HW method :	0
I reserved some ip addresses for some devices on my router but devices no longer work when i connect them to the extender. what can i do?	The Nighthawk X6 Tri - Band Router boosts WiFi speeds on 2.4 GHz with support for 256 QAM. This is a specific mode-Turbo QAM supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more WiFi clients based on 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure that even when you connect on the 2.4 GHz band with these 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
I reserved some ip addresses for some devices on my router but devices no longer work when i connect them to the extender. what can i do?	An electronic license will mean that there is no printed license key card included with the ProSECURE product. It is entirely electronic and means that the serial number of the product will be tied to a license on the NETGEAR licensing servers.	0
I reserved some ip addresses for some devices on my router but devices no longer work when i connect them to the extender. what can i do?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. With WPS, it automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
I see my lan port led is an amber color. what does that mean?	The LAN port LED is amber if your device is connected to 10/100 Mbps Ethernet. The LAN port LED is white if your device is connected to Gigabit Ethernet..	1
I see my lan port led is an amber color. what does that mean?	Make sure your PC is connected to the WiFi Booster by using the SSID and the passphrase that you have just set up, and clicking the Refresh button in your browser. This will return you to the Smart Wizard.	0
I see my lan port led is an amber color. what does that mean?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives. The Nighthawk X6 might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R8000 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
I see my lan port led is an amber color. what does that mean?	Before you start your DSL installation:	0
I see my lan port led is an amber color. what does that mean?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
I see my lan port led is an amber color. what does that mean?	* [Enabling Ethernet port aggregation on R8500](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29910)	0
I see my lan port led showing amber color. what does that mean?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	1
I see my lan port led showing amber color. what does that mean?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I see my lan port led showing amber color. what does that mean?	"PR2000 adopts one single channel that act as an ""Access Point"" and ""Wireless client"" at the same time when enabled to Hotspot mode. Theoretically, the throughput will be cut in half when compared to wireless throughput of PR2000 in Router mode."	0
I see my lan port led showing amber color. what does that mean?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
I see my lan port led showing amber color. what does that mean?	If you powered on the hotspot before activating it, do the following:	0
I see my lan port led showing amber color. what does that mean?	The D7000 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D7000 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, and significantly more features, such as the NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	0
I see that ethernet port 1 and ethernet port 2 on the rear panel of the router is labeled aggregate. can i connect regular ethernet devices to these ports?	Yes, if Ethernet port 1 and Ethernet port 2 are not connected to an Ethernet port aggregation supported device, they act just like regular Ethernet ports.	1
I see that ethernet port 1 and ethernet port 2 on the rear panel of the router is labeled aggregate. can i connect regular ethernet devices to these ports?	 The distance (200 feet) from the existing router is too far, thinking that there is also interference. Using a wireless powerline adapter is another option.	0
I see that ethernet port 1 and ethernet port 2 on the rear panel of the router is labeled aggregate. can i connect regular ethernet devices to these ports?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it is connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
I see that ethernet port 1 and ethernet port 2 on the rear panel of the router is labeled aggregate. can i connect regular ethernet devices to these ports?	a. Yes, the STMxxxM (Software Maintenance & Upgrades, 24/7 Support, & Advanced Replacement Subscription) is an integral part of the NETGEAR ProSECURE experience and includes:	0
I see that ethernet port 1 and ethernet port 2 on the rear panel of the router is labeled aggregate. can i connect regular ethernet devices to these ports?	* It is likely that your extender is placed at the borderline of the signal range covered by your main WiFi router. Moving your extender closer to the main WiFi router will most likely resolve this.	0
I see that ethernet port 1 and ethernet port 2 on the rear panel of the router is labeled aggregate. can i connect regular ethernet devices to these ports?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks; this takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
I see the modem is shipped in “router mode” which should be fine for most applications, but is there a way to set it to pure “bridge” or “modem” mode?	The unit can be set to pure “bridge” or “modem” mode by configuring the Device Mode page listed in the firmware Management Interface under Advanced.	1
I see the modem is shipped in “router mode” which should be fine for most applications, but is there a way to set it to pure “bridge” or “modem” mode?	You can access your USB device in any of the following ways:	0
I see the modem is shipped in “router mode” which should be fine for most applications, but is there a way to set it to pure “bridge” or “modem” mode?	Due to compliance with the latest WIFI Alliance standard, WEP security is no longer fully supported at 11n mode on the WNR2000v5. However, if you still would like to use WEP security, you can see this option once you change the security mode to “Up to 54Mbps”.	0
I see the modem is shipped in “router mode” which should be fine for most applications, but is there a way to set it to pure “bridge” or “modem” mode?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
I see the modem is shipped in “router mode” which should be fine for most applications, but is there a way to set it to pure “bridge” or “modem” mode?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
I see the modem is shipped in “router mode” which should be fine for most applications, but is there a way to set it to pure “bridge” or “modem” mode?	After you reset the unit to its factory default settings, the set-up changes that you did (e.g., password change) will be rest to original factory default values.	0
I subscribe to telephone service with the same broadband service provider. where do i hook up my telephone?	First you need to know if the telephone service is provided to you through digital VoIP (Voice over IP).If the telephone service is provided to you via VoIP, you need to use the Gateway Router from the service provider.An easy way to tell is by looking at the Gateway Router from the Service Provider and see if there is a phone jack to the phone (as opposed to the phone jack to the wall).	1
I subscribe to telephone service with the same broadband service provider. where do i hook up my telephone?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PL1200 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
I subscribe to telephone service with the same broadband service provider. where do i hook up my telephone?	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
I subscribe to telephone service with the same broadband service provider. where do i hook up my telephone?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
I subscribe to telephone service with the same broadband service provider. where do i hook up my telephone?	Smart Connect balances your 5 GHz WiFi connections into two different radio bands: the 5 GHz radio 1 band and the 5 GHz radio 2 band. The router uses Smart Connect to choose the best radio band for your device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
I subscribe to telephone service with the same broadband service provider. where do i hook up my telephone?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I tried to change the default ssid on my wireless network but i am unable to save the settings, what can i do?	This is due to a recent update done on Microsoft Internet Explorer Windows 8.1 IE 11 ( path 11.0.10 , KB2962872 - 2014/7/8). We are working on a fix and the official firmware update will be released next week..	1
I tried to change the default ssid on my wireless network but i am unable to save the settings, what can i do?	Yes, you need to change your screen display setting to extend mode.	0
I tried to change the default ssid on my wireless network but i am unable to save the settings, what can i do?	The power consumption of XAV5601 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 4.5 Watts in 220V AC.	0
I tried to change the default ssid on my wireless network but i am unable to save the settings, what can i do?	[How can I backup Windows shares with files with foreign characters in their names?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
I tried to change the default ssid on my wireless network but i am unable to save the settings, what can i do?	* For each XAV5201 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
I tried to change the default ssid on my wireless network but i am unable to save the settings, what can i do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I turned on my digital entertainer hd for the first time, but i do not see anything on the screen.	* Check all cables to make sure they are connected properly, and be sure you are using the correct input on your TV.	1
I turned on my digital entertainer hd for the first time, but i do not see anything on the screen.	After you reset the C6300 to factory default settings, any previous changes you have made in GUI will no longer be there. The unit has return back to original factory default values.	0
I turned on my digital entertainer hd for the first time, but i do not see anything on the screen.	The user can either press the Reset button for 1 second or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV5201 Configuration utility.	0
I turned on my digital entertainer hd for the first time, but i do not see anything on the screen.	Smart Connect balances your 5 GHz WiFi connections into two different radio bands: the 5 GHz radio 1 band and the 5 GHz radio 2 band. The router uses Smart Connect to choose the best radio band for your device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
I turned on my digital entertainer hd for the first time, but i do not see anything on the screen.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and imiproved features to your product.	0
I turned on my digital entertainer hd for the first time, but i do not see anything on the screen.	1. Download the zipped firmware	0
I use an 802.11n wireless adapter to connect to my r6100 wifi router, which supports 802.11ac; do i have a higher link rate than if i connect to an 802.11n router?	No. In this configuration, the throughout is limited by the 11n adapter. That's because the 11n wireless adapter cannot create an 11ac connection with the R6100 WiFi Router.	1
I use an 802.11n wireless adapter to connect to my r6100 wifi router, which supports 802.11ac; do i have a higher link rate than if i connect to an 802.11n router?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
I use an 802.11n wireless adapter to connect to my r6100 wifi router, which supports 802.11ac; do i have a higher link rate than if i connect to an 802.11n router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I use an 802.11n wireless adapter to connect to my r6100 wifi router, which supports 802.11ac; do i have a higher link rate than if i connect to an 802.11n router?	Yes, it will work with your current wireless products as Wireless-N is backward compatible to older generation Wireless-G. It is recommended that you upgrade your Wireless-G based notebooks and Desktops to Wireless-N by using a Wireless-N Adapter.	0
I use an 802.11n wireless adapter to connect to my r6100 wifi router, which supports 802.11ac; do i have a higher link rate than if i connect to an 802.11n router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I use an 802.11n wireless adapter to connect to my r6100 wifi router, which supports 802.11ac; do i have a higher link rate than if i connect to an 802.11n router?	You must buy 3x3 dual band wireless adapter or 450Mbps dual band wireless adapter like NETGEAR WNDA4100 or Centrino 6300, Centrino 5300, etc. Then you must be close to the router and toward the router to see the max. link rate 450Mbps.	0
I want to upgrade firmware to the latest firmware version. what are my options?	There is no option to upgrade firmware in the GUI. This is part of the DOCSIS specifications. Once a firmware is available by NETGEAR, this firmware will be provided to the MSO for certification. Once the FW is certified, the MSO will push the FW down to their customers. NETGEAR does not have an ETA when the new firmware will be rolled out to their customers.	1
I want to upgrade firmware to the latest firmware version. what are my options?	Yes, latest version of the Desktop Genie can be downloaded from NETGEAR web site [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng).	0
I want to upgrade firmware to the latest firmware version. what are my options?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I want to upgrade firmware to the latest firmware version. what are my options?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I want to upgrade firmware to the latest firmware version. what are my options?	The Access Point should be installed such that the antenna is facing the maximum usage area. It can be either ceiling or wall mounted.	0
I want to upgrade firmware to the latest firmware version. what are my options?	Please go to genie GUI, select “ADVANCED” tab, then select “Setup” -> “WAN Setup”, From the right panel, check the “Default DMZ Server” box and fill in the VoIP phone IP address, then click on “Apply” button to activate it.	0
I was told that charter does not accept 3rd party cable modem router from a retail store. is it true?	For Charter customer only: If you are a new customer or if you switched to the New Package Pricing after June 26, 2012, you have to use the modem provided by Charter. However, if you are a customer before June 26, 2012 and are told that Charter does not accept customer-owned modem, please escalate your case to the customer support manager and ask to have your modem activated.	1
I was told that charter does not accept 3rd party cable modem router from a retail store. is it true?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
I was told that charter does not accept 3rd party cable modem router from a retail store. is it true?	In North America, NETGEAR Powerline products work with 110 volt 2-prong or 3-prong electrical outlets. Outside of North America, there are country specific plugs for the Powerline products sold in those regions.	0
I was told that charter does not accept 3rd party cable modem router from a retail store. is it true?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
I was told that charter does not accept 3rd party cable modem router from a retail store. is it true?	1. Go to Advanced Setup -> Wireless settings	0
I was told that charter does not accept 3rd party cable modem router from a retail store. is it true?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router. Users can put the switch either at “wireless” or “wired” position depending on the use scenario. “Wired” position is selected if the Internet is reachable from a wired connection, for instance, by a DSL modem or another router’s LAN port. Otherwise, “wireless” position is preferred if a user wants to share a Hotspot wireless connection among various wireless devices.	0
I would like to use a wireless connection from my wireless router to both the digital entertainer and media server, is that ok?	For streaming video, it is recommended that only one of the links be wireless, either the Digital Entertainer to the router or your media server to the router.	1
I would like to use a wireless connection from my wireless router to both the digital entertainer and media server, is that ok?	No, If you need support for a downloaded application you need to go to the person or company that created the application.	0
I would like to use a wireless connection from my wireless router to both the digital entertainer and media server, is that ok?	Disk drives are the only component that is replaceable. For all other hardware problems, the entire chassis will be replaced.	0
I would like to use a wireless connection from my wireless router to both the digital entertainer and media server, is that ok?	1. NTV550 supports gapless album playback for these file types: MP3, M4A, FLAC. For MP3 and M4A, NTV550 will only play gaplessly if the album name matches for all tracks. (While browsing your music, the album name is shown on the right side when you select a track.)	0
I would like to use a wireless connection from my wireless router to both the digital entertainer and media server, is that ok?	 POWER                  Solid Green: Power is supplied to the router.                                                                                                                                                                                              Solid Red: POST (Power-On Self-Test) failure or device malfunction                                                                        Off: No power is supplied to the router	0
I would like to use a wireless connection from my wireless router to both the digital entertainer and media server, is that ok?	You can add up to eight powerline devices.	0
I'm a new user; do i need to sign up for a readycloud account first to upgrade to mynetgear account?	No, when you configure your device for ReadyCLOUD, you can register your new product to a MyNETGEAR.com.com account and use the MyNETGEAR login to begin using ReadyCLOUD.	1
I'm a new user; do i need to sign up for a readycloud account first to upgrade to mynetgear account?	There are some limitations with backup/restore features with Safari Browser. Please use alternative browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.	0
I'm a new user; do i need to sign up for a readycloud account first to upgrade to mynetgear account?	Since the computer is the one acting as a DLNA server, then it would be the media player of the computer that would help with the detection of the MKV file. You can play different file formats depending on the codec used by the media player.	0
I'm a new user; do i need to sign up for a readycloud account first to upgrade to mynetgear account?	The message is popping up due to an error in how the AT&T Unite Pro (AC781S) is recognizing the cradle. Simply dismiss the message and the device will work exactly as you expect.	0
I'm a new user; do i need to sign up for a readycloud account first to upgrade to mynetgear account?	WNDA4100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA4100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
I'm a new user; do i need to sign up for a readycloud account first to upgrade to mynetgear account?	Yes. All three VueZone mounts (wall, window, table) are compatible with the Night Vision Camera.	0
I'm a readycloud user but i do not own a readynas system or nighthawk router a readynas; how does this migration affect me?	If you do not own a ReadyCLOUD-enabled device, you must follow these steps:	1
I'm a readycloud user but i do not own a readynas system or nighthawk router a readynas; how does this migration affect me?	This will be fixed on the upcoming firmware release. In the meantime, you can change the GUI language by going on the top right corner of the GUI and selecting English from the drop-down list. You can also email or call our technical support team to obtain a beta firmware that you can upload to the router to fix the region issue.	0
I'm a readycloud user but i do not own a readynas system or nighthawk router a readynas; how does this migration affect me?	a. Enable the HTTPS under Web Security/ Policy.	0
I'm a readycloud user but i do not own a readynas system or nighthawk router a readynas; how does this migration affect me?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
I'm a readycloud user but i do not own a readynas system or nighthawk router a readynas; how does this migration affect me?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
I'm a readycloud user but i do not own a readynas system or nighthawk router a readynas; how does this migration affect me?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
I'm using the twonkyvision media server and am experiencing video stuttering, what can i do to improve performance?	Try increasing the Streaming Buffer Size (under Performance settings) to 64000 or greater to help improve the video streaming performance.	1
I'm using the twonkyvision media server and am experiencing video stuttering, what can i do to improve performance?	The ReadyNAS OS 6 device protects user data by scanning all files as they are written to the NAS. This includes scanning for virus, malware, and Trojans. The user does not need to subscribe or pay an additional fee for this feature. All the user needs to do is enable it in the System - Settings page.	0
I'm using the twonkyvision media server and am experiencing video stuttering, what can i do to improve performance?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
I'm using the twonkyvision media server and am experiencing video stuttering, what can i do to improve performance?	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. Please find more details at [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
I'm using the twonkyvision media server and am experiencing video stuttering, what can i do to improve performance?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
I'm using the twonkyvision media server and am experiencing video stuttering, what can i do to improve performance?	Go to ADVANCED>NETGEAR Downloader. There are two tabs - Basic settings and Download Manager. Before using NETGEAR Downloader, please go to the Basic settings page to change the settings. If you are okay with the default settings, just go to the Download Manager to continue with your settings.	0
If i am currently a verizon wireless 4g lte customer, do i need a new sim card for the 4g mbr1515 or can i use my existing sim card?	You will need to add the MBR1515 to your account and acquire and activate an additional SIM card - just plug it into the SIM slot in the back of the MBR1515	1
If i am currently a verizon wireless 4g lte customer, do i need a new sim card for the 4g mbr1515 or can i use my existing sim card?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
If i am currently a verizon wireless 4g lte customer, do i need a new sim card for the 4g mbr1515 or can i use my existing sim card?	"* Select ""No, I want to configure the Internet connection myself."" option on the wizard page and click """"Next""""."	0
If i am currently a verizon wireless 4g lte customer, do i need a new sim card for the 4g mbr1515 or can i use my existing sim card?	Yes, the R6400 needs to rescan all of the music files when HDD is plugged back in.	0
If i am currently a verizon wireless 4g lte customer, do i need a new sim card for the 4g mbr1515 or can i use my existing sim card?	Yes, any M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) support hot-swap and hot-plug.	0
If i am currently a verizon wireless 4g lte customer, do i need a new sim card for the 4g mbr1515 or can i use my existing sim card?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	0
If i am in fringe coverage can i use an external antenna?	External antennas are sold separately. Please check [http://www.netgear.com/service-providers/products/mobile/mobile-hotspots/mimo-antenna.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/service-providers/products/mobile/mobile-hotspots/mimo-antenna.aspx)	1
If i am in fringe coverage can i use an external antenna?	Yes, the XAVB5101 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
If i am in fringe coverage can i use an external antenna?	WNDR3400v3 has 1 USB 2.0 port.	0
If i am in fringe coverage can i use an external antenna?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
If i am in fringe coverage can i use an external antenna?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the extender. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address through EX6120 or EX6000. To allow this wireless device to access the internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router. To get the translated MAC address:	0
If i am in fringe coverage can i use an external antenna?	Yes. When a new PL1000 firmware is available, a firmware upgrade will be posted on the NETGEAR website.	0
If i forget the password, how can it be recovered?	You have to reset the WN802T-200 back to factory settings and login using the default login name and password, which are “admin” and “password”	1
If i forget the password, how can it be recovered?	If you want to connect a third device in your bedroom to the network, simply buy a WNHDE111 unit, push the WPS button on the unit connected to your router and within 2 min, push the WPS button on the new unit. The devices exchange all the SSID and security information automatically and get connected. WPS is based on a standard by WiFi Alliance and will be available in many client devices. WNHDE111 Push ’N’ Connect function is already WPS certified and works with other WPS certified APs or clients.	0
If i forget the password, how can it be recovered?	In this upgrade, we have made a few changes to the way shares and permissions are handled in the user-interface. For more information regarding these changes, please see our [6.4.1 FAQ on changes to the shares page.](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30048)	0
If i forget the password, how can it be recovered?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
If i forget the password, how can it be recovered?	Yes. When a new PL1000 firmware is available, a firmware upgrade will be posted on the NETGEAR website.	0
If i forget the password, how can it be recovered?	The C6250 supports up to 16 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	0
If i start my screensaver program on my pc while using the pc access feature, will this display on the eva8000?	The PC Access feature shows the PC screen, but it's like a remote access application - it doesn't do full video. So while your screen saver will show, any animations will not look good. This feature is really designed for checking e-mail quickly or some basic web browsing.	1
If i start my screensaver program on my pc while using the pc access feature, will this display on the eva8000?	The XWN5001 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The device will resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	0
If i start my screensaver program on my pc while using the pc access feature, will this display on the eva8000?	You cannot disable standby mode (sleep mode). There are no plans add this feature at this time.	0
If i start my screensaver program on my pc while using the pc access feature, will this display on the eva8000?	[Can I update the ReadyNAS firmware before installing my disks?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21394)	0
If i start my screensaver program on my pc while using the pc access feature, will this display on the eva8000?	* [Recovering a folder with ReadyCLOUD](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29795)	0
If i start my screensaver program on my pc while using the pc access feature, will this display on the eva8000?	"The Night Vision Camera uses the same batteries as all other VueZone cameras - ""photo 123 batteries."""	0
If in a house we have more than one fuse, will this powerline still be able to work?	Yes, it will work.	1
If in a house we have more than one fuse, will this powerline still be able to work?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5602 configuration utility.	0
If in a house we have more than one fuse, will this powerline still be able to work?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
If in a house we have more than one fuse, will this powerline still be able to work?	A6100 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6100 and connect to 5GHz. A6100 provides beamforming feature and also uses 802.11ac that can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
If in a house we have more than one fuse, will this powerline still be able to work?	If user use 11n wireless adapters to connect with D6300, the maximum connection speed he have is the same as maximum connection speed that 11n wireless adapters has. Because 11n wireless adapters did not have 11ac link rate.	0
If in a house we have more than one fuse, will this powerline still be able to work?	During the installation process (via the web genie interface), the router accesses the NETGEAR web site for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the router user interface also supports auto firmware upgrade. Auto upgrade will check for the latest firmware on the NETGEAR web site every time you log into the router.	0
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what actions could check?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid white before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid white, make sure the DSL cable is connected to the DSL RJ11 port of the D7000 modem router.	1
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what actions could check?	The frequencies used by XAV101 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what actions could check?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what actions could check?	WNR612 has passed the Wi-Fi certification pre-test and is designed and developed to the IEEE 802.11b/g standards.	0
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what actions could check?	During installation the firmware will automatically check for newer versions and download if found. After download, new firmware will need to be installed manually.	0
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what actions could check?	XS708Ev2 supports loop detection (not prevention). When a loop is detected, both LEDs on the affected ports will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second. Loop detection is user configurable and it is disabled by default.	0
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what can i do to resolve them?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid green before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid green, check the DSL connectionis connected to the DSL RJ11 port on the modem router.	1
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what can i do to resolve them?	MicroUSB can be used as a power source for PR2000 from a laptop USB port while traveling. The USB 2.0 port can be used for ReadySHARE Storage or printer function when PR2000 is powered by Alternative Current (AC) source. USB 2.0 port can also act as a charger for your portable device, such as cell phone when PR2000 is plugged in (AC) socket.	0
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what can i do to resolve them?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what can i do to resolve them?	ReadySHARE AirMusic lets you play music wirelessly from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Android device. The music is played on audio speakers, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system. Please visit the links below for more information:	0
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what can i do to resolve them?	Pick a plug is a technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
If setup wizard installation fails, what are the possible causes and what can i do to resolve them?	No, DM200 only allows you to use VDSL/ADSL port as a WAN port.	0
If we enable the qos on the router will that be affected by the powerline network since qos is not supported ?	No, the QoS on the router is for Internet traffic, not layer 2 QoS in LAN side by the powerline devices.	1
If we enable the qos on the router will that be affected by the powerline network since qos is not supported ?	NeoTV supports 2 modes of “power off”: Standby mode, and Power off mode. In Standby mode, the output ports are switched off and the unit is idle, but can be awakened quickly by pressing <Power>. While in Standby mode, the unit draws ~6 watts (compared to ~15 watts while powered up). In Power off mode, the unit uses minimum power state (drawing less than 0.5W), but can still be awakened by pressing <Power>. However, powering on the unit from the full power off state takes longer (30 secs compared to 1 sec).	0
If we enable the qos on the router will that be affected by the powerline network since qos is not supported ?	No.	0
If we enable the qos on the router will that be affected by the powerline network since qos is not supported ?	For Charter customers only: If you are a new customer or if you switched to the New Package Pricing after June 26, 2012, you have to use the modem provided by Charter. However, if you were a customer before June 26, 2012 and are told that Charter does not accept customer-owned modems, please escalate your case to the customer support manager and ask to have your modem activated.	0
If we enable the qos on the router will that be affected by the powerline network since qos is not supported ?	It actually depends on the environment and the router you are using. The WNDA3100v2 is just a receiver.	0
If we enable the qos on the router will that be affected by the powerline network since qos is not supported ?	 The PTV3000 have no region limitation but channels that can be played depend on region.	0
If you set the dgn2200v4 to ap mode, will you still get internet access through the guest network?	Guest network is a feature of the router. Once the device is set to AP, the guest network will be disabled.	1
If you set the dgn2200v4 to ap mode, will you still get internet access through the guest network?	Yes, the EVA8000 can play ISO or IFO structured files. While DVD style “menus” won’t play all the content can be accessed, and each IFO or ISO will only be shown once in the media list. Also, the EVA8000 can only playback ISO/IFO/VOBs which are not CSS protected.	0
If you set the dgn2200v4 to ap mode, will you still get internet access through the guest network?	Currently, WNHD3004 bridge can only connect to WNHD3004 access point so it’s not supported. We	0
If you set the dgn2200v4 to ap mode, will you still get internet access through the guest network?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
If you set the dgn2200v4 to ap mode, will you still get internet access through the guest network?	Yes, WiFi Booster can use a different security key and security type from your router’s settings. WiFi Booster security type can be WPA-PSK, WPA2-PSK, WEP, or none security. Please note, only the WEP key need to consonance with your router’s setting if you chose WEP for your router and WiFi Booster. For example, if your router’s security type is WEP, security key is “1234567890”, and you also configure WiFi Booster’s security type to WEP, then the passphrase must be “1234567890”.	0
If you set the dgn2200v4 to ap mode, will you still get internet access through the guest network?	To ensure the maximum performance at 5GHz between WNDA3100 and Linksys WRT600N, configure your Linksys router to use a higher channel number on the wide channel when operating in 40MHz channel. Set the wide channel to “46” and the standard channel to “44 – 5.220GHz” to see the maximum 5GHz performance between WNDA3100 and WRT600N.	0
Important note:	* The update process is completed when the onscreen progress bar completes. During the firmware update, the Power LED blinks amber. After the firmware update is done, the router restarts and the Power LED illuminates solid amber.	1
Important note:	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Important note:	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Important note:	* PV(R)STP (CLI only)	0
Important note:	The Nighthawk WiFi Router boosts WiFi speeds on 2.4 GHz with support for 256 QAM. This is a specific mode-Turbo QAM supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more WiFi clients based on 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure that even when you connect on the 2.4 GHz band with these 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
Important note:	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
In what frequency does the plw1000 operate?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2 MHz to 86 MHz.	1
In what frequency does the plw1000 operate?	One of the units is the PL1000, which connects to your router and then plugs directly into the wall to inject the internet connection into the Powerline. The other unit is the PLW1000 which you plug into any outlet in your home to expand your wireless network. It then creates its own hotspot in that room.	0
In what frequency does the plw1000 operate?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5601 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
In what frequency does the plw1000 operate?	It should work as long as it is a static IP address. Just make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the Internet, whether it is IPv4 or IPv6. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have the plus or premium account.	0
In what frequency does the plw1000 operate?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
In what frequency does the plw1000 operate?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connection, by design.	0
Indicator  color                                            status  description	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	1
Indicator  color                                            status  description	* Don’t hide your WNCE2001 device at the back of your TV or back of the entertainment center. Move it out to get better performance.	0
Indicator  color                                            status  description	There is a [workaround](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29974) for RN100/RN2120 units that will not upgrade due to a checksum issue. See the [workaround](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29974) for more information on this issue. This issue only affects RN100/RN2120 devices.	0
Indicator  color                                            status  description	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The newest and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Indicator  color                                            status  description	Yes. Just log in to your Arlo account, click  ADD DEVICE, and follow the instructions.	0
Indicator  color                                            status  description	Yes.	0
Installation setup keeps asking me for my wireless password and i am sure i have entered the correct password. what can i do?	* It is likely that your extender is placed at the borderline of the signal range covered by your main WiFi router. Moving your extender closer to the main WiFi router will most likely resolve this.	1
Installation setup keeps asking me for my wireless password and i am sure i have entered the correct password. what can i do?	Yes, the recovery procedure is :	0
Installation setup keeps asking me for my wireless password and i am sure i have entered the correct password. what can i do?	Up to 54Mbps” supports the 802.11g & 802.11b standards. “Up to 145Mbps” and “Up to 300Mbps” modes support the 802.11N specification and use 20MHz and 40MHz bandwidths, respectively. “Up to 300Mbps” will provide the maximum performance in most cases, “Up to 145Mbps” may work better in areas with more interference from other access points.	0
Installation setup keeps asking me for my wireless password and i am sure i have entered the correct password. what can i do?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Installation setup keeps asking me for my wireless password and i am sure i have entered the correct password. what can i do?	We recommend using LACP IEEE 802.3ad Dynamic Link aggregation mode. For the hash type, we recommend using Layer 2 + 3.	0
Installation setup keeps asking me for my wireless password and i am sure i have entered the correct password. what can i do?	If you want to connect a third device in your bedroom to the network, simply buy a WNHDE111 unit, push the WPS button on the unit connected to your router and within 2 min, push the WPS button on the new unit. The devices exchange all the SSID and security information automatically and get connected. WPS is based on a standard by WiFi Alliance and will be available in many client devices. WNHDE111 Push ’N’ Connect function is already WPS certified and works with other WPS certified APs or clients.	0
Is  my d6400 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	D6400 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	1
Is  my d6400 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	FS105 is an unmanaged switch with five 10/100Mbps ports in a metal case and v3 means Version 3.	0
Is  my d6400 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands (1x 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
Is  my d6400 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	Push ’N’ Connect is an easy way to connect your wireless devices to the router without remembering passwords and SSIDs. DGN1000 supports WiFi Protected Setup (WPS), a WiFi Alliance standard specification which enables Push ‘N’Connect. You need to have a WPS enabled Wireless-N client or adapter like WN111v2 for Push ’N’ Connect to work with DGN1000.	0
Is  my d6400 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAV1004 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Is  my d6400 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	"Launch web browser to login GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	0
Is  my d7000 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	D7000 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	1
Is  my d7000 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	The supported operating systems are Windows 7 (32/64-bit), Vista, XP.	0
Is  my d7000 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	The default IP address of DG834Nv2 is 192.168.0.1.	0
Is  my d7000 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	The WN3500RP cannot check to see if the WEP passphrase is correct. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless device is not able to get the IP address from the WN3500RP. You must reset the WN3500RP to the factory defaults to get the IP address back.	0
Is  my d7000 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX3800. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX3800. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
Is  my d7000 compatible with at&t u-verse service ?	J9099B          100BASE-BX10-D  HP® X112 100M SFP LC BX-D Transceiver Yes                 No	0
Is 200mbps is workable with 500mbps product?	Yes.	1
Is 200mbps is workable with 500mbps product?	That means Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue.	0
Is 200mbps is workable with 500mbps product?	Please see below in details	0
Is 200mbps is workable with 500mbps product?	1. Please make sure the connected device is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
Is 200mbps is workable with 500mbps product?	Please follow below steps to configure.	0
Is 200mbps is workable with 500mbps product?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
Is dm200 vdsl/adsl modem compatible with at&t u-verse service?	No, DM200 VDSL/ADSL modem is not compatible with AT&T U-verse service but it will work fine with standard AT&T DSL service.	1
Is dm200 vdsl/adsl modem compatible with at&t u-verse service?	The DGND3700v2 does not support multiple PVC and/or IGMP.	0
Is dm200 vdsl/adsl modem compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Yes, the XAVB1101 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
Is dm200 vdsl/adsl modem compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Unfortunately, the problem is with the HipServ application and this error has nothing to do with the Stora.	0
Is dm200 vdsl/adsl modem compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Is dm200 vdsl/adsl modem compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Note: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with “wired” or Ethernet connection only.	0
Is it easy to add an arlo q camera to my arlo wire-free camera system?	Yes. Just log in to your Arlo account, click  ADD DEVICE, and follow the instructions.	1
Is it easy to add an arlo q camera to my arlo wire-free camera system?	D500 supports full 2.4 GHZ configuration including 802.11n, 802.11g, and 802.11b.	0
Is it easy to add an arlo q camera to my arlo wire-free camera system?	The maximum speed for both 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands is upto 300Mbps.	0
Is it easy to add an arlo q camera to my arlo wire-free camera system?	You will need at least a 1.2 Mbps connection to watch movies instantly on the NeoTV Streaming Player. The faster your connection, the better the quality. For high quality video and audio, a connection of least 2.5 Mbps is required, and for HD 1080p movies 4.5 Mbps is recommended. You can test your bandwidth at one of the sites listed below. Note: It also depends on the Internet connection quality, sometime higher bandwidth is required to accommodate the network packet lost.	0
Is it easy to add an arlo q camera to my arlo wire-free camera system?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
Is it easy to add an arlo q camera to my arlo wire-free camera system?	During installation via the Web genie, R6200v2 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
Is it normal that tv picture becomes worse as mca1001v2 is powered off?	"Yes. If the TV is connected to the ""Coax Out"" port of the MCA1001v2, the TV picture can become worse when the MCA1001v2 is powered off. The user can connect TV to an external splitter, instead of the ""Coax Out"" port, to resolve the issue."	1
Is it normal that tv picture becomes worse as mca1001v2 is powered off?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Is it normal that tv picture becomes worse as mca1001v2 is powered off?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is it normal that tv picture becomes worse as mca1001v2 is powered off?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
Is it normal that tv picture becomes worse as mca1001v2 is powered off?	This is a known issue on the CM600. To fix the issue simply click on the help center arrow to open and close the help center. You will then be able to scroll. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
Is it normal that tv picture becomes worse as mca1001v2 is powered off?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3800B.	0
Is it possible for the eva8000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	Yes, the EVA8000 can access NAS devices directly. (Note: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA8000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	1
Is it possible for the eva8000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Is it possible for the eva8000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	 The maximum power used by the WN2500RP is 7.9 watts.	0
Is it possible for the eva8000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	If you are using an AirPrint compatible printer, there should be no problem. If you are using the NETGEAR genie AirPrint software feature, which makes any printer appear to be AirPrint compatible , please make sure to use any Desktop genie Version 2.3.1.13 or higher.	0
Is it possible for the eva8000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	a. “Malware”, short for malicious software, is an umbrella term that refers to any software program deliberately created to perform an unauthorized and often harmful action. It is a simple combination of two words created to allow people to talk about viruses and all other forms of malicious software in a general manner.	0
Is it possible for the eva8000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
Is it possible for the eva9000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	Yes, the EVA9000 can access NAS devices directly. ( NOTE: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA9000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	1
Is it possible for the eva9000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the WiFi Booster network. In your browser, type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, as illustrated in Step 4 on the first page of this Installation Guide. If you still cannot access the WiFi Booster, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET.	0
Is it possible for the eva9000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
Is it possible for the eva9000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is it possible for the eva9000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	The difference between MSTP and PV(R)STP is primarily in the way the protocol maps spanning tree instances to VLANs: PV(R)STP creates a spanning tree instance for every VLAN, whereas MSTP maps one or more VLANs to each MST instance	0
Is it possible for the eva9000 to access media files that are stored on a nas (such as sc101t or other) on the network?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
Is it possible to change the region on the a6200 wireless adapter?	Yes, region can be changed.	1
Is it possible to change the region on the a6200 wireless adapter?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
Is it possible to change the region on the a6200 wireless adapter?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
Is it possible to change the region on the a6200 wireless adapter?	802.3az is an IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) standard, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
Is it possible to change the region on the a6200 wireless adapter?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
Is it possible to change the region on the a6200 wireless adapter?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v3. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
Is it possible to connect the ptv3000 to a projector and mirror the screen of the galaxy note by using a vga adapter?	 You can only use HDMI for the PTV3000.	1
Is it possible to connect the ptv3000 to a projector and mirror the screen of the galaxy note by using a vga adapter?	Yes, NETGEAR PVSTP / PVRSTP and Cisco® PVST+ / RPVST+ are interoperable.	0
Is it possible to connect the ptv3000 to a projector and mirror the screen of the galaxy note by using a vga adapter?	No. XAVB5601 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Is it possible to connect the ptv3000 to a projector and mirror the screen of the galaxy note by using a vga adapter?	If [btrfs-cleaner] gets stuck at 100% after upgrade, this is likely due to the ReadyNAS performing a quota check. As mentioned previously, the ReadyNAS may take some time doing a quota check. This quota check should only run once after upgrading as long as it is able to complete successfully. Rebooting your chassis might cause the quota check to restart from the beginning. Please allow it some time to finish. Also, btrfs-cleaner is commonly invoked after Smart Snapshot Management prunes older snapshots. ReadyNAS commonly prunes older snapshots based on its snapshot schedule. If your ReadyNAS is restarting btrfs-cleaner every time you restart and consuming 100% CPU endlessly, or if the device is not behaving as notated here, please contact [NETGEAR Support](http://support.netgear.com/general/contact/)	0
Is it possible to connect the ptv3000 to a projector and mirror the screen of the galaxy note by using a vga adapter?	The maximum possible throughput is 175 Mbps. Real performance may significantly vary depending on the distance between the devices, the quality of the cabling and other factors.	0
Is it possible to connect the ptv3000 to a projector and mirror the screen of the galaxy note by using a vga adapter?	Switching ISP has nothing to do with projection. The problem might be due to copyrights protection.	0
Is m6100 chassis switch backplane ‘passive’?	Yes, M6100 backplane meets Passive Backplane requirements.	1
Is m6100 chassis switch backplane ‘passive’?	Yes. Please download the desktop genie from the NETGEAR web site.	0
Is m6100 chassis switch backplane ‘passive’?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is m6100 chassis switch backplane ‘passive’?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7’s AutoConfig (XP’s Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	0
Is m6100 chassis switch backplane ‘passive’?	Yes. To enable Arlo Q cameras to record 24/7, use the Arlo app to add the Continuous Video Recording plan to your Arlo Q camera. For more information, see [What is continuous video recording and how do I get it?](https://kb.arlo.com/1018425).	0
Is m6100 chassis switch backplane ‘passive’?	No, the D500 does not have support for these features.	0
Is my  d6000  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	D6000 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	1
Is my  d6000  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	That means  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. If you plug USB storage before router power on, please re-test again, but this time please plug USB storage after router is system ready (Power LED is in white color), and see if it works.	0
Is my  d6000  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	D1500 provides a simplified version of repeater function. It connects to its uplink router like a client connects to a router. Below are the steps:	0
Is my  d6000  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	WNHDB3004 is the highest performing Wireless gear in the market in terms of reliability of streaming 1080P streams over WiFi in a large single family home.	0
Is my  d6000  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	If your client has good WiFi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	0
Is my  d6000  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router’s USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly.	0
Is my  d6200  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	D6200 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	1
Is my  d6200  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	No. V1 firmware image is not compatible with V2 firmware image and vice versa.	0
Is my  d6200  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR4300 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can't use those channels.	0
Is my  d6200  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Is my  d6200  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	The R6220 adopts the latest 11ac chipsets, a USB 2.0 port and 128MB Flash / 128MB memory for future software feature expansion.	0
Is my  d6200  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	The table below describes the Power/Test LED (the first LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	0
Is my  d6300  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	D6300 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	1
Is my  d6300  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is my  d6300  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product .	0
Is my  d6300  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	The DLNA feature on WNDR4500 can only support up to 25,000 files. Please reduce the number of files on the USB drive so the router can properly scan the files.	0
Is my  d6300  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	The password can be restored with the Factory Defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
Is my  d6300  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	The R8000 uses 12v-5A power supply. The maximum power draw could be up to 60 watts. However, the usage can be lower due to the number of devices connected to ti and the functionality that is running on the router. Not to mention, the router has many power savings features that can help reduce power consumption such as green power supply, auto-sensing gigabit Ethernet ports, wireless On/Off switch, and wireless scheduling.	0
Is my  dgn2200v4  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	DGN2200v4 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	1
Is my  dgn2200v4  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	The choice is usually determined by your local telecommunication service provider. By choosing different plans offered by your service provider, an ADSL or a VDSL line is provided to you.	0
Is my  dgn2200v4  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	The frequencies used by PL1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
Is my  dgn2200v4  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Yes, the EVA8000 can access NAS devices directly. (Note: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA8000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
Is my  dgn2200v4  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	If you do not own a ReadyCLOUD-enabled device, you must follow these steps:	0
Is my  dgn2200v4  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	DGN1000 is based on the new 802.11n technology with provides much faster speeds (Up to	0
Is my  dgnd3700v2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	DGND3700v2 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	1
Is my  dgnd3700v2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Is my  dgnd3700v2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	The XWNB5201 powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
Is my  dgnd3700v2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is my  dgnd3700v2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	You can access your USB device in any of the following ways:	0
Is my  dgnd3700v2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	NETGEAR home routers support PPPoA and PPPoE encapsulation. IPoA (IP over ATM) is not supported.	0
Is my  dm111pspv2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	DM111PSPv2 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	1
Is my  dm111pspv2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Please follow below steps to configure.	0
Is my  dm111pspv2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	We encourage you to renew your license on time to avoid any backdating penalty and take advantage of existing and new features.	0
Is my  dm111pspv2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Place your Arlo camera within 300 feet of your Wi-Fi router. This distance can vary depending on obstacles such as concrete or stucco walls, metallic barriers, or Wi-Fi interference.	0
Is my  dm111pspv2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	1. Make sure you have the latest firmware on your WN2000RPT.	0
Is my  dm111pspv2  compatible with at&t u-verse service?	* [RAIDiator 4.1: USB Recovery Tool](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21400)	0
Is my d7800 compatible with at&t u-verse service?	D7800 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	1
Is my d7800 compatible with at&t u-verse service?	If user uses 11n wireless adapters to connect with the D6200(B), the max connection speed of D6200(B) will be the same as the max connection speed of 11n wireless adapters which were used. This is because 11n wireless adapters cannot link at 11ac mode. To connect at 11ac speeds user needs a device that is 11ac WIFI capable like the A6200 Wi-Fi adapter.	0
Is my d7800 compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is my d7800 compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Yes, the WNR2000v5 supports WPS. You can use the hardware button located in front or use the WPS using the wizard on the NETGEAR genie.	0
Is my d7800 compatible with at&t u-verse service?	Make sure that the base router (the router that the R6300 will connect to) is operational and able to connect wireless devices. Make a note of the following items:  SSID, SECURITY MODE, WIRELESS PASSWORD, OPERATING FREQUENCY (EITHER 2.4 GHZ OR 5 GHZ)	0
Is my d7800 compatible with at&t u-verse service?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5101 Configuration utility.	0
Is netgear pv(r)stp interoperable with cisco® pvst+?	Yes, NETGEAR PVSTP / PVRSTP and Cisco® PVST+ / RPVST+ are interoperable.	1
Is netgear pv(r)stp interoperable with cisco® pvst+?	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	0
Is netgear pv(r)stp interoperable with cisco® pvst+?	Wireless isolation is no longer an option on the R7000.	0
Is netgear pv(r)stp interoperable with cisco® pvst+?	Guest network is a feature of the router. Once the device is set to AP, the guest network will be disabled.	0
Is netgear pv(r)stp interoperable with cisco® pvst+?	The R8500 has three sets of antennas. For the 2.4GHz band, the antennas are 2 dbi. The external 5GHz antennas are 1 dbi while the internal 5GHz antennas are 3 dbi.	0
Is netgear pv(r)stp interoperable with cisco® pvst+?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3800 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
Is out-of-band management for telnet, ssh and gui network access supported by m6100?	Yes, M6100 Chassis Switch provides the admin with two differentiated methods (in-band and out-of-band) for Telnet, SSH and Web GUI network access. For security, the admin can decide to allow or restrict any of these two methods. Out-of-band management is possible through the dedicated OOB RJ45 10/100/1000 port on the front of any I/O blades ((XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) when inserted in Supervisor Slot-1 (default). A second connection is recommended through OOB port on the blade inserted in Back-up Supervisor slot (Slot-2 by default) in case of failover. If OOB restriction is not a requirement, in-band management can be also available from any network port from any slot: Management ACLs are available to restrict which port(s) can reach M6100 CPU in that case.	1
Is out-of-band management for telnet, ssh and gui network access supported by m6100?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
Is out-of-band management for telnet, ssh and gui network access supported by m6100?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setupâ„¢) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
Is out-of-band management for telnet, ssh and gui network access supported by m6100?	Yes, it is possible. There are no conflicts with that kind of setup.	0
Is out-of-band management for telnet, ssh and gui network access supported by m6100?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
Is out-of-band management for telnet, ssh and gui network access supported by m6100?	Vista PC enables DHCP broadcasting by default, and this seems to be the cause of this issue. You can either simply power cycle the router to reconnect the wireless adapter, or you can refer to this Microsoft article ([http://support.microsoft.com/kb/928233](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/928233)) for instructions on disabling DHCP broadcasting.	0
Is pl p 1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No, PLP1200 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	1
Is pl p 1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Customers must use the AC785 with an active SIM card which can be purchased from a mobile operator in your country. Data plan fees apply, and are sold directly by the mobile operator.	0
Is pl p 1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	* Please make sure the connected PC/NB or mobile phone is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
Is pl p 1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	It supports a AnchorAnchormaximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
Is pl p 1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the Extender network and your PC is configured as DHCP client mode. In your browser, type the URL [http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net). If you still cannot access the Extender, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net).	0
Is pl p 1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Multi PVC talks about triple play deployment of ADSL2+, VOIP and IPTV. Our home gateways does not support IPTV yet.	0
Is pl1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No, PL1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible with HomePlug AV1.0.	1
Is pl1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	USB port is USB 2.0 spec.	0
Is pl1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is pl1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	NETGEAR WPN824N uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We suggest users to let the device stand up or lie down to achieve the best range and performance suitable in your house.	0
Is pl1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
Is pl1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
Is pl1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No, PL1200 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	1
Is pl1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Our XAVB2101 is compatible with all of our 200 Mbps Home Plug AV products and our 500 Mbps Home Plug AV Products, for example XAVB2001, XAVB1004, XAVB5001, XAVB5501, and XAVB101v2. It is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps powerline products like XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	0
Is pl1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No, while receiving SMS messages is supported, this device does not support sending SMS messages.	0
Is pl1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Go to [http://www.intel.com/go/wirelessdisplayupdate](http://www.intel.com/go/wirelessdisplayupdate).	0
Is pl1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Yes, the XAVB5601 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Is pl1200 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	For Charter customers only: If you are a new customer or if you switched to the New Package Pricing after June 26, 2012, you have to use the modem provided by Charter. However, if you were a customer before June 26, 2012 and are told that Charter does not accept customer-owned modems, please escalate your case to the customer support manager and ask to have your modem activated.	0
Is plw1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No, PLW1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	1
Is plw1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The frequencies used by XAVB2001 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
Is plw1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	"No. The default setting is ""duplicate"" mode. If you change the display mode, Windows will remember the last display mode used for subsequent Intel Wireless Display uses. E.g. if your last display mode was ""projector only"", your notebook screen will be black the next time you use Intel Wireless Display."	0
Is plw1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No, the XAV5201 does not support QoS.	0
Is plw1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	"Yes. If the TV is connected to the ""Coax Out"" port of the MCA1001v2, the TV picture can become worse when the MCA1001v2 is powered off. The user can connect TV to an external splitter, instead of the ""Coax Out"" port, to resolve the issue."	0
Is plw1000 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	 No. The only change you can apply to the extender is its SSID.	0
Is plw1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	No, PLW1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	1
Is plw1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	The XWNB5201 powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
Is plw1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the WN2000RPT status LED flashes in amber.	0
Is plw1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	The R6300 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
Is plw1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and imiproved features to your product.	0
Is plw1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	8K.	0
Is point-to-point protocol supported by the dgn2200v4?	Yes. PPTP is supported by the DGN2200v4.	1
Is point-to-point protocol supported by the dgn2200v4?	If you are connected to a client and to the Router/Gateway, and the Arrow LEDs are not blinking, it means you have correctly positioned the Extender.	0
Is point-to-point protocol supported by the dgn2200v4?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, SSID and strong Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) data encryption/authentication is automatically configured.	0
Is point-to-point protocol supported by the dgn2200v4?	The Digital Entertainer HD is a TV Set-Top Box which brings the world of digital media to your TV. You can view photos, listen to music and Internet radio, watch videos you download, watch live TV from a TV Tuner in a PC, or YouTube videos direct from the Internet.	0
Is point-to-point protocol supported by the dgn2200v4?	You must have already installed the printer driver on each computer you want to use with the printer.	0
Is point-to-point protocol supported by the dgn2200v4?	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	0
Is r6200v2 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	Yes. R6200 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	1
Is r6200v2 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	1. If the LED of WNCE4004 is red please follow above Question 2 above for diagnostic.	0
Is r6200v2 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	The NETGEAR Mobile Hotspot (AC762S) is preferred over tethering for 4 major reasons.	0
Is r6200v2 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	The remote control button usage depends on the channel you are viewing. The UP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT/OK and Home buttons are the common remote control buttons. The red/green/yellow/blue remote control buttons are used by VUDU, firmware upgrade notifications, and network configuration. Please follow the on screen notes to use those buttons.	0
Is r6200v2 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	No, the cable router should automatically be provisioned by the service provider. Please contact your service provider if the unit is unable to connect online.	0
Is r6200v2 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	WNDA4100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA4100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
"Is readynas vault a ""high availability solution?"""	"No, ReadyNAS Vault is not a high availability solution. It is meant as a ""disaster recovery solution."" With ReadyNAS Vault, any individual file or set of files can be downloaded on ad hoc basis, as long as your data set is recent enough, you can access files without having to wait for a full local system recovery."	1
"Is readynas vault a ""high availability solution?"""	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
"Is readynas vault a ""high availability solution?"""	Smart Connect balances your 5 GHz WiFi connections into two different radio bands: the 5 GHz radio 1 band and the 5 GHz radio 2 band. The router uses Smart Connect to choose the best radio band for your device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
"Is readynas vault a ""high availability solution?"""	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
"Is readynas vault a ""high availability solution?"""	The Digital Entertainer HD may not support the audio or video format used in the file. See the User Manual for information on what formats are supported.	0
"Is readynas vault a ""high availability solution?"""	It is recommended to buy a Wireless-N Adapter for best performance and upgrade your Wireless-G based Notebooks and desktops.	0
Is the a power on/off switch button on thie device?	Yes.	1
Is the a power on/off switch button on thie device?	WPS is short for a Wi-Fi Protected Setup, which allows you to quickly ans securely connect to a wireless network. Without WPS, you must manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and wireless device to secure your wireless network. With WPS, the router automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Is the a power on/off switch button on thie device?	"PR2000 adopts one single channel that act as an ""Access Point"" and ""Wireless client"" at the same time when enabled to Hotspot mode. Theoretically, the throughput will be cut in half when compared to wireless throughput of PR2000 in Router mode."	0
Is the a power on/off switch button on thie device?	This is a current limitation and we'll release future firmware to make it work. On the other	0
Is the a power on/off switch button on thie device?	1. Write down all the settings which you changed from the default values, since you may need to reenter them manually.	0
Is the a power on/off switch button on thie device?	Default IP address is 192.168.0.1. The default username is  ADMIN, while default password is  PASSWORD.	0
Is the cmd31t compatible with docsis 2.0?	Even though the CMD31T is a DOCSIS 3.0 certified cable modem, it is also backwards compatible with DOCSIS 2.0.	1
Is the cmd31t compatible with docsis 2.0?	* [How do I create a ReadyNAS Vault Account?](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208283016-Register-for-a-ReadyNAS-Vault-Account)	0
Is the cmd31t compatible with docsis 2.0?	Go to [http://www.intel.com/go/wirelessdisplayupdate](http://www.intel.com/go/wirelessdisplayupdate).	0
Is the cmd31t compatible with docsis 2.0?	No, this is not necessary.	0
Is the cmd31t compatible with docsis 2.0?	"The default password is ""password""."	0
Is the cmd31t compatible with docsis 2.0?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
Is the device secure?	Yes, the Mobile Hotspot is secure.Only users with the Wi-Fi key can connect over Wi-Fi, and Wi-Fi security is pre-set to mixed WPA/WPA2	1
Is the device secure?	You can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV101 Configuration utility.	0
Is the device secure?	The R7300DST comes with 1 year of support from GeekSquad. Feel free to call 1-800-GeekSquad to get help.	0
Is the device secure?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v2. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
Is the device secure?	This is just the same as the normal bridge mode. We recommend to use 2 R7000s to get optimal connection on bridging.	0
Is the device secure?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, Broadcast Storm Filtering, LAG, loop detection and IEEE 802.3az Energy Efficient Ethernet (EEE).	0
Is the gtv100 compatible with encyrpted hdmi signals (hdcp)?	No. The GTV100 does not support HDCP.	1
Is the gtv100 compatible with encyrpted hdmi signals (hdcp)?	During installation via the Web genie, JNR3210/JMR3000 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check for the latest firmware on the website every time you log into the GUI.	0
Is the gtv100 compatible with encyrpted hdmi signals (hdcp)?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
Is the gtv100 compatible with encyrpted hdmi signals (hdcp)?	Smart Connect balances your 5 GHz WiFi connections into two different radio bands: the 5 GHz radio 1 band and the 5 GHz radio 2 band. The router uses Smart Connect to choose the best radio band for your device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
Is the gtv100 compatible with encyrpted hdmi signals (hdcp)?	ReadySHARE Cloud gives you remote access over the Internet to a USB storage device that is connected to your router’s USB port.	0
Is the gtv100 compatible with encyrpted hdmi signals (hdcp)?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Is the pl1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	No, PL1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	1
Is the pl1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	ReadyNAS Vault is a cloud backup solution pre-installed or readily available on all ReadyNAS systems as an installable application. Backup anything on your ReadyNAS to secure, offsite servers with no additional hardware to manage. ReadyNAS Vault is an added layer of protection, ideal for achieving geographic redundancy for data stored on your ReadyNAS.	0
Is the pl1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
Is the pl1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	"Follow the Installation Guide or user manual to make sure the correct connection among your PC, the router and the modem. Configure your PC to obtain the IP address automatically. By default, the router's IP address is 192.168.1.1. Try to Ping the 192.168.1.1 from your PC. If the PING works, launch the web browser and type in [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://www.routerlogin.net](http://www.routerlogin.net) to access the router. The default login id is ""admin"", and the password is ""password""."	0
Is the pl1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	1. NTV550 supports Bluray profiles 1.1 and 2.0. Profile 2.0 is required to access BD Live functions, and requires attached storage of at least 1GB. The storage can be on an attached USB or eSATA device. Select a location for the attached storage in Settings -> Audio/Video -> Bluray options. If no location has been set, profile 1.1 is used.	0
Is the pl1000 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	XS708E supports loop detection (not prevention). When a loop is detected, both LEDs on the affected ports will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second. Loop detection is user configurable and it is disabled by default.	0
Is the port of the wnr2000v4 using gigabit connectivity?	No, the WNR2000v4 still uses the same 100Mbps connection just like its predecessor.	1
Is the port of the wnr2000v4 using gigabit connectivity?	The XAV5004 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected.	0
Is the port of the wnr2000v4 using gigabit connectivity?	The USB port on the cradle can only be used to connect USB storage devices like flash drives or hard drives, or a printer. The cradle works with most USB-compliant external flash and hard drives.	0
Is the port of the wnr2000v4 using gigabit connectivity?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
Is the port of the wnr2000v4 using gigabit connectivity?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is the port of the wnr2000v4 using gigabit connectivity?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is the port of the wnr2000v5 using gigabit connectivity?	No, the WNR2000v5 still uses the same 10/100Mbps connection, same with its predecessor.	1
Is the port of the wnr2000v5 using gigabit connectivity?	Yes. Arlo Q cameras let you listen or speak to who or what is being viewed on the camera. Arlo Q cameras employ half-duplex transmission and work similarly to walkie-talkies.	0
Is the port of the wnr2000v5 using gigabit connectivity?	Currently, the C6300 Cable Modem Router is only available for retail in the US only.	0
Is the port of the wnr2000v5 using gigabit connectivity?	Use this method if you have a wireless router or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
Is the port of the wnr2000v5 using gigabit connectivity?	Push ’N’ Connect is an easy way to connect your wireless devices to the router without remembering passwords and SSIDs. DGN3500 supports WiFi Protected Setup (WPS), a WiFi Alliance standard specification which enables Push ‘N’Connect. You need to have a WPS enabled Wireless-N client or adapter like WN111 for Push ’N’ Connect to work with DGN3500.	0
Is the port of the wnr2000v5 using gigabit connectivity?	That means the Nighthawk WiFi Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. Please try to plug the USB storage device into other USB port, and see if it works.	0
Is the power supply replaceable on my rn3138?	RN3138 uses internal 1U server PSU and is not user replaceable.	1
Is the power supply replaceable on my rn3138?	Yes, the XAV1004 support port-based and user service based Q0s	0
Is the power supply replaceable on my rn3138?	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole (red circle) on the product label of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	0
Is the power supply replaceable on my rn3138?	It should work as long as it is a static IP address. Make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the Internet, whether it is IPv4 or IPv6. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have the plus or premium account.	0
Is the power supply replaceable on my rn3138?	In a typical situation where signal strength is improved, the data throughput will also be improved. However, there are many factors and variables impacting data speeds such as amount of traffic on the network, number of people connecting to the same network cell, the type of data you are accessing, etc. So, it also possible that in some circumstances the signal on the device is significantly improved, but the data speeds will remain the same. Most often this is when the network is slow and even the weaker signal is getting maximum throughput.	0
Is the power supply replaceable on my rn3138?	D6200 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Is the ptv2000 compatible with windows 8.1?	No.	1
Is the ptv2000 compatible with windows 8.1?	The EX7300/EX6400 can extend any existing wireless network. We suggest you connect to the 5GHz network when available, but any wireless router you have should work.	0
Is the ptv2000 compatible with windows 8.1?	* [ReadyCLOUD to MyNETGEAR Single Sign-On FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30671)	0
Is the ptv2000 compatible with windows 8.1?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is the ptv2000 compatible with windows 8.1?	Launch the Wireless Configuration Utility by clicking on the icon in your OS notifications area. Select your network and click Connect.	0
Is the ptv2000 compatible with windows 8.1?	The frequencies used by XAVB2001 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
Is the r6100 wifi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	Yes. The R6100 WiFi Router is backward compatible with legacy standards.	1
Is the r6100 wifi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	NETGEAR strongly recommends that you always use the latest ReadyNAS firmware.	0
Is the r6100 wifi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router, which supports: router, access point, wireless hotspot, and extender modes.	0
Is the r6100 wifi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Is the r6100 wifi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Is the r6100 wifi router backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	During installation via the Smart Wizard CD, WPN824 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
Is the stora compatible with mac mountain lion?	Yes it is compatible.	1
Is the stora compatible with mac mountain lion?	"For homes where electrical outlets are at a premium, we recommend to use ""Pass Thru"" powerline products. The Pass Thru products have a built in power outlet. XAVB2501, XAVB1501, and XAVB5501 are examples of Pass Thru products."	0
Is the stora compatible with mac mountain lion?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid green before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid green, check the DSL connectionis connected to the DSL RJ11 port on the modem router.	0
Is the stora compatible with mac mountain lion?	This channel change will have a positive improvement to your 5GHz Wi-Fi performance because 5GHz Wi-Fi channels at 149 and above offer better Wi-Fi range and performance.	0
Is the stora compatible with mac mountain lion?	* Please ensure you have set the uplink bandwidth speed correctly. We recommend testing the uplink bandwidth speed by going to [www.speedtest.net](http://www.speedtest.net/) and running this test on a wired client with no other internet traffic on other client devices.	0
Is the stora compatible with mac mountain lion?	Yes, WNDAP350 supports both bands 5 GHz-a, n/a mode and 2.4 GHz-b, b/g, b/g/n modes.	0
Is the stora hot swappable (hot plug)?	Yes, the Stora is hot swappable. However, we strongly recommend that users turn off the unit before removing or installing a hard drive to prevent data corruption or damage to the working drive. A Cold Plug is the opposite which you need to turn off the Stora before removing or installing a hard drive.	1
Is the stora hot swappable (hot plug)?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
Is the stora hot swappable (hot plug)?	These are the information that we can give about this extender:	0
Is the stora hot swappable (hot plug)?	Yes, the WN802T-200 is compatible with 11b and 11g. It can simultaneously support 802.11b, 802.11g, and draft 802.11n clients.	0
Is the stora hot swappable (hot plug)?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Is the stora hot swappable (hot plug)?	The R7300 DST comes with a 1 year warranty which is handled by GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for warranty assistance.	0
Is the usb port 3.0 or 2.0?	USB port is USB 2.0 spec.	1
Is the usb port 3.0 or 2.0?	No, the R7300 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
Is the usb port 3.0 or 2.0?	The frequencies used by XAVB5101 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Is the usb port 3.0 or 2.0?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (not set to static IP). Second, make sure that the Wireless Device to Extender light is solid green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser and enter [www.mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net/) or the extenders default IP [http://192.168.1.250](http://192.168.1.250/).	0
Is the usb port 3.0 or 2.0?	The factory reset button is located on the back panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole labeled “RESET”. The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 20 seconds till the front panel LED’s turn amber then off, to bring the unit back to its factory default settings.	0
Is the usb port 3.0 or 2.0?	No. XAV1004 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV1004 is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Is the wds/repeater mode available on the r8000?	Currently, the WDS/Repeater mode feature can only be supported without security. Therefore, we have removed this feature from the R8000.	1
Is the wds/repeater mode available on the r8000?	By default, the R7300 device and DST6501 use the same DST encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Is the wds/repeater mode available on the r8000?	D500 supports full 2.4 GHZ configuration including 802.11n, 802.11g, and 802.11b.	0
Is the wds/repeater mode available on the r8000?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
Is the wds/repeater mode available on the r8000?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connections.	0
Is the wds/repeater mode available on the r8000?	The password can be restored with the Factory Defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
Is the wn802t-200  compatible with legacy 802.11b and 802.11g?	Yes, the WN802T-200 is compatible with 11b and 11g. It can simultaneously support 802.11b, 802.11g, and draft 802.11n clients.	1
Is the wn802t-200  compatible with legacy 802.11b and 802.11g?	With many Internet Service Providers now restricting the maximum allowable traffic per month, many customers find out the hard way that their Internet usage exceeds what’s allowed by the ISP and as a result having to pay premium for over-usage.With Broadband Usage Meter, the router sends an warning to you indicating that you are close to reaching the limit.The generation of the warning message is customizable in the GUI and with this feature you are now safe from being surprised at the end of the month when the bill arrives.	0
Is the wn802t-200  compatible with legacy 802.11b and 802.11g?	Even though the CMD31T is a DOCSIS 3.0 certified cable modem, it is also backwards compatible with DOCSIS 2.0.	0
Is the wn802t-200  compatible with legacy 802.11b and 802.11g?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is the wn802t-200  compatible with legacy 802.11b and 802.11g?	The R7300 supports multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
Is the wn802t-200  compatible with legacy 802.11b and 802.11g?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
Is the wndr4500v2 compatible with time machine?	Yes.	1
Is the wndr4500v2 compatible with time machine?	Yes, M6100 Chassis Switch provides the admin with two differentiated methods (in-band and out-of-band) for Telnet, SSH and Web GUI network access. For security, the admin can decide to allow or restrict any of these two methods. Out-of-band management is possible through the dedicated OOB RJ45 10/100/1000 port on the front of any I/O blades ((XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) when inserted in Supervisor Slot-1 (default). A second connection is recommended through OOB port on the blade inserted in Back-up Supervisor slot (Slot-2 by default) in case of failover. If OOB restriction is not a requirement, in-band management can be also available from any network port from any slot: Management ACLs are available to restrict which port(s) can reach M6100 CPU in that case.	0
Is the wndr4500v2 compatible with time machine?	If you have setup multiple users on one computer and you accessed a share folder in WNR2200 then switch to another user account on same computer > you may encounter a problem accessing a share folder in WNR2200 USB port. This is Windows authority behavior. It keeps the existing authority and blocks another user account. The solution for this problem is either:	0
Is the wndr4500v2 compatible with time machine?	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole (red circle) on the product label of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	0
Is the wndr4500v2 compatible with time machine?	No, currently the EVA doesn't support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
Is the wndr4500v2 compatible with time machine?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
Is the wnr612v2 wi-fi certified?	WNR612 has passed the Wi-Fi certification pre-test and is designed and developed to the IEEE 802.11b/g standards.	1
Is the wnr612v2 wi-fi certified?	The ADSL throughput is comparable. The WiFi throughput is comparable, and the number of WiFi devices that can be connected is comparable. The difference is in the number Ethernet ports that are available. Furthermore, the D1500 does not have USB port, as does DGN2200.	0
Is the wnr612v2 wi-fi certified?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in on NETGEAR’s WNDR3300 which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port.	0
Is the wnr612v2 wi-fi certified?	When plugged into a the lower terminal of vertical two socket wall outlet, the PLP1200 may interfere with some, larger plugs. However, almost all 2 prong plugs and many 3 prong plugs will still fit.	0
Is the wnr612v2 wi-fi certified?	No, it does not have one. The R8000 has a netting or mesh covering. This helps the router to stay cool and for the heat to dissipate properly.	0
Is the wnr612v2 wi-fi certified?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation and you need to stop it before installing the adapter.	0
Is the xav1201 compatible with xav2001?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601, XAV1401, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	1
Is the xav1201 compatible with xav2001?	* Make sure you have added the WN2000RPT MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
Is the xav1201 compatible with xav2001?	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet. This device is equiped with NAT.	0
Is the xav1201 compatible with xav2001?	With fimrware v1.0.2.12 and higher, the  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER will now support 15 additional 5GHz channels for interference free operation. As 5GHz gets crowded with more routers, availability of additional channels can greatly improve WiFi performance.	0
Is the xav1201 compatible with xav2001?	The R6220 adopts the latest 11ac chipsets, a USB 2.0 port and 128MB Flash / 128MB memory for future software feature expansion.	0
Is the xav1201 compatible with xav2001?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem products, your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware image to your unit after they have certified it.	0
Is the xav1201 homeplug av certified?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	1
Is the xav1201 homeplug av certified?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the device wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
Is the xav1201 homeplug av certified?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
Is the xav1201 homeplug av certified?	An electronic license will mean that there is no printed license key card included with the ProSECURE product. It is entirely electronic and means that the serial number of the product will be tied to a license on the NETGEAR licensing servers.	0
Is the xav1201 homeplug av certified?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
Is the xav1201 homeplug av certified?	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change, SSID, WPA Keys, etc.) will be reset to original factory default values.	0
Is the xav1301 compatible with xav2001?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601, XAV1401, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	1
Is the xav1301 compatible with xav2001?	Yes, the recovery procedure is :	0
Is the xav1301 compatible with xav2001?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v2. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
Is the xav1301 compatible with xav2001?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is the xav1301 compatible with xav2001?	In this upgrade, we have made a few changes to the way shares and permissions are handled in the user-interface. For more information regarding these changes, please see our [6.4.1 FAQ on changes to the shares page.](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30048)	0
Is the xav1301 compatible with xav2001?	Using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Is the xav1301 homeplug av certified?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	1
Is the xav1301 homeplug av certified?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is the xav1301 homeplug av certified?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is the xav1301 homeplug av certified?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
Is the xav1301 homeplug av certified?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is the xav1301 homeplug av certified?	Additional info and utility can be found at [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
Is the xav1401 compatible with xav2001?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601. XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	1
Is the xav1401 compatible with xav2001?	There are two radios built into the DGND3300(B), one transmitting at 2.4GHz for 802.11g/802.11b and one for transmitting at 5GHz/2.4GHz for 802.11a/802.11n.	0
Is the xav1401 compatible with xav2001?	[Software Incompatibilities](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21544)	0
Is the xav1401 compatible with xav2001?	No.	0
Is the xav1401 compatible with xav2001?	"1. ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
Is the xav1401 compatible with xav2001?	The PC Access feature shows the PC screen, but it's like a remote access application - it doesn't do full video. So while your screen saver will show, any animations will not look good. This feature is really designed for checking e-mail quickly or some basic web browsing.	0
Is the xav1401 homeplug av certified?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	1
Is the xav1401 homeplug av certified?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is the xav1401 homeplug av certified?	The USB port allows user to download/upload switch firmware or configuration file using USB flash device. It is also used to recover the firmware image through the utility menu during boot up. It is more effective and easier than using XMODEM serial port protocol for file transfer.	0
Is the xav1401 homeplug av certified?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is the xav1401 homeplug av certified?	Powerline adapters allows you to turn any electrical power outlet into a high-speed Internet and home network connection. Each Powerline network requires at least two Powerline adapters, although more can be added. The standard is called HPAV2.	0
Is the xav1401 homeplug av certified?	Yes, WPN824N is workable under Mac OS, and you may access Internet without problem via browser Safari 1.4 higher version.	0
Is the xav1501 compatible with xav2001?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101v2, XAV2001 and XAV1004. It is not compatible with XET1001, XE104, XE102 or HDX101.	1
Is the xav1501 compatible with xav2001?	Using a passcode (private network key), it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Is the xav1501 compatible with xav2001?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is the xav1501 compatible with xav2001?	The Digital Entertainer - EVA700 connects a TV or home entertainment system to your computer network. This enables streaming digital movies, videos, music, radio and photos from your PC to the entertainment system.	0
Is the xav1501 compatible with xav2001?	Press and hold Reset switch, then use short press to toggle through menu entries, use long press to confirm selection. For details, please check RN3138 hardware manual.	0
Is the xav1501 compatible with xav2001?	[How can I disable private home shares?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21457)	0
Is the xav1501 homeplug av certified?	Yes, it is.	1
Is the xav1501 homeplug av certified?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a	0
Is the xav1501 homeplug av certified?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	0
Is the xav1501 homeplug av certified?	* [ReadyCLOUD Permissions](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24927)	0
Is the xav1501 homeplug av certified?	Yes, but you will either suffer a noticeable loss in performance, or if the signal is too low the units will not be able to communicate.	0
Is the xav1501 homeplug av certified?	,	0
Is the xav1601 compatible with xav2001?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004. XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	1
Is the xav1601 compatible with xav2001?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
Is the xav1601 compatible with xav2001?	We recommend the following NETGEAR SFP modules: AGM731F, AGM732F, AGM734, AXM761, AXM762, and AXM763.	0
Is the xav1601 compatible with xav2001?	The difference between MSTP and PV(R)STP is primarily in the way the protocol maps spanning tree instances to VLANs: PV(R)STP creates a spanning tree instance for every VLAN, whereas MSTP maps one or more VLANs to each MST instance	0
Is the xav1601 compatible with xav2001?	Cable modems offer Internet access at speeds up to 100 times faster than a traditional phone modem. You can experience speeds of over 1,000 Kbps. Due to network condition such as traffic volume and the speed of the sites you visit, actual speed may vary. Many network and other factors can affect download speeds. Please check with service provider to check for actual speed offered.	0
Is the xav1601 compatible with xav2001?	Yes, the Stora is hot swappable. However, we strongly recommend that users turn off the unit before removing or installing a hard drive to prevent data corruption or damage to the working drive. A Cold Plug is the opposite which you need to turn off the Stora before removing or installing a hard drive.	0
Is the xav1601 homeplug av certified?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	1
Is the xav1601 homeplug av certified?	The C6300 USB 2.0 port supports 700 mA of power. Connecting USB HDD to the USB 2.0 port that requires more than 700 mA of power will require an external power supply.	0
Is the xav1601 homeplug av certified?	You can easily setup the feature through the router GUI:	0
Is the xav1601 homeplug av certified?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
Is the xav1601 homeplug av certified?	Please visit [www.netgear.com/managed](http://www.netgear.com/managed) and [www.netgear.com/m6100](http://www.netgear.com/m6100)	0
Is the xav1601 homeplug av certified?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3800B firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
Is the xav2501 compatible with xav2001?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001 and XAV1004. It is not compatible with XET1001, XE104, XE102 or HDX101.	1
Is the xav2501 compatible with xav2001?	It is 16 Amp for GR and FR, 15 Amp for NA and 13 Amp for UK.	0
Is the xav2501 compatible with xav2001?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
Is the xav2501 compatible with xav2001?	Primarily the cradle changes the direction that the antenna radiates its energy. The mobile hotspot by itself, necessarily, has to radiate its antenna energy in all directions at once. When the device is mobile, it’s impossible to know how it will be positioned relative to the nearest base station (lying flat, in a pocket horizontally, in a bag vertically, etc.). The cradle, however, only radiates energy horizontally, and looks for signal relatively close to the ground, not up in the air or straight down. It can do this because once the cradle is set up and the mobile hotspot is docked, the device no longer changes its position relative to the base station, it’s always upright in the cradle, on the same horizontal plane.	0
Is the xav2501 compatible with xav2001?	The NeoTV PRIME is running a high performance CPU which causes more heat to be generated while streaming video. This is a normal part of its operation, and the unit has passed all the required thermal testing.	0
Is the xav2501 compatible with xav2001?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
Is the xav2501 homeplug av certified?	Yes, it is.	1
Is the xav2501 homeplug av certified?	"The R8000 is currently in AP mode. This is normal behavior. If you want to put the R8000 to router mode, please go ahead and perform a factory reset on the device. Once you go through the installation process again, please make sure to select ""No"" if you see the screen below and continue with setup."	0
Is the xav2501 homeplug av certified?	* Go to BASIC>FastLane page	0
Is the xav2501 homeplug av certified?	D7800 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Is the xav2501 homeplug av certified?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device.	0
Is the xav2501 homeplug av certified?	WNDA3100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA3100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. The WNDA3100 will operate at 2.4 GHz if connected to a wireless router set at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA3100 operates at 5GHz. Note: If you have a dual band router, use the WNDA3100 Smart Wizard (Network tab) to determine the router’s operating frequency.	0
Is there a fix on the issue between gtv100 and hbo go?	HBO Go is not supported anymore to any Google TV including the GTV100.	1
Is there a fix on the issue between gtv100 and hbo go?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Is there a fix on the issue between gtv100 and hbo go?	"1. Select ""No, I want to configure the Internet connection myself."" option on the genie Setup Wizard page and click ""Next""."	0
Is there a fix on the issue between gtv100 and hbo go?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101v2, XAV2001 and XAV1004. It is not compatible with XET1001, XE104, XE102 or HDX101.	0
Is there a fix on the issue between gtv100 and hbo go?	The M6100-3S chassis provides extra high-density in 4U height (7 inches – 17.78cm) and 17.39 inches depth (44.16cm).	0
Is there a fix on the issue between gtv100 and hbo go?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using 2 options:	0
Is there a license upgrade for advanced new features?	No, the entire feature set is available without requiring any license. For simplicity, all advanced new features included in M6100 chassis series are available without additional cost.	1
Is there a license upgrade for advanced new features?	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	0
Is there a license upgrade for advanced new features?	You can connect your NeoTV Streaming Player to your broadband Internet connection either wired or wirelessly (WiFi). You may need a network router or access point if your Cable/DSL modem does not have free ports or wireless support.	0
Is there a license upgrade for advanced new features?	The user can either press the Reset button for 1 second or click the “Factory Reset” button on the Coming NETGEAR genie Release.	0
Is there a license upgrade for advanced new features?	1. SMB clients now see the share quota usage when checking volume usage.	0
Is there a license upgrade for advanced new features?	The frequencies used by XAV1004 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
Is there a limitation on how many ports that can be opened in the r6300?	This depends on the memory available on the router. For example, if you have other features enabled like address reservation, firewall rules, it will add up to the capacity on how many entries you can do for port forwarding.	1
Is there a limitation on how many ports that can be opened in the r6300?	WNDR3400v3 supports the following wireless securities:	0
Is there a limitation on how many ports that can be opened in the r6300?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5602 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Is there a limitation on how many ports that can be opened in the r6300?	Please reset WiFi Booster back to factory default and setup again.	0
Is there a limitation on how many ports that can be opened in the r6300?	The table below describes the WPS (the LED on the WPS push button of front panel) behaviors.	0
Is there a limitation on how many ports that can be opened in the r6300?	The NETGEAR DGN2200 uses 2 antennas. The transmit function uses up to 2 antennas and the receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
Is there a netgear genie app for iphone/ipad & android?	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. For more details, see [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	1
Is there a netgear genie app for iphone/ipad & android?	The XAVN2001 and the NETGEAR Powerline device go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The devices resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	0
Is there a netgear genie app for iphone/ipad & android?	[How can I setup my ReadyNAS for FTP access over the Internet?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21480)	0
Is there a netgear genie app for iphone/ipad & android?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is there a netgear genie app for iphone/ipad & android?	FS105 is an unmanaged switch with five 10/100Mbps ports in a metal case and v3 means Version 3.	0
Is there a netgear genie app for iphone/ipad & android?	The A6200 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11a/b/g/n specifications and 802.11ac draft 2.0. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a, 802.11n and 802.11ac wireless routers and access points. A6200 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 866Mbps in 5GHz and up to 300Mbps in 2.4GHz bands. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and has a USB cradle that users can adjust the orientation to make a best connection quality with.	0
Is there a plan to support ipsec vpn for ios/android?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	1
Is there a plan to support ipsec vpn for ios/android?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is there a plan to support ipsec vpn for ios/android?	* Manually power off or configure to use a smaller Wi-Fi range within the advanced settings.	0
Is there a plan to support ipsec vpn for ios/android?	1. Please make sure the connected PC/NB or mobile phone is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
Is there a plan to support ipsec vpn for ios/android?	The default login name (case sensitive) is admin and the default login password (case sensitive) is password.	0
Is there a plan to support ipsec vpn for ios/android?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is there a way to customize the device name of the wn3500rp as it appears, when the user finds the extender where the speaker is attached to?	 No. The only change you can apply to the extender is its SSID.	1
Is there a way to customize the device name of the wn3500rp as it appears, when the user finds the extender where the speaker is attached to?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Is there a way to customize the device name of the wn3500rp as it appears, when the user finds the extender where the speaker is attached to?	Many audio receivers do not support digital audio below 96Kbps, so the workaround is for the user to connect the analog audio outputs of the EVA8000 to the analog inputs of their receiver. Switch the audio receiver to this input when listening to low bitrate audio.	0
Is there a way to customize the device name of the wn3500rp as it appears, when the user finds the extender where the speaker is attached to?	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
Is there a way to customize the device name of the wn3500rp as it appears, when the user finds the extender where the speaker is attached to?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
Is there a way to customize the device name of the wn3500rp as it appears, when the user finds the extender where the speaker is attached to?	With many Internet Service Providers now restricting the maximum allowable traffic per month, many customers find out the hard way that their Internet usage exceeds what’s allowed by the ISP and as a result having to pay premium for over-usage.With Broadband Usage Meter, the router sends an warning to you indicating that you are close to reaching the limit.The generation of the warning message is customizable in the GUI and with this feature you are now safe from being surprised at the end of the month when the bill arrives.	0
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the netgear r7000?	There is no option to change output power on the wireless. The only alternative is to optimize the wireless settings and choosing the best location for the router.	1
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the netgear r7000?	The power consumption of XAV101 is 4 Watts.	0
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the netgear r7000?	Yes. Even if your laptop has sound muted, the sound for the media you are playing will play on your TV.	0
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the netgear r7000?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input)	0
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the netgear r7000?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the netgear r7000?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the r7300?	There is no option to change wireless output power. The only alternative is to optimize the wireless settings and choose the best location for the router.	1
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the r7300?	No, the DM200 VDSL modem does not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the r7300?	External USB will boot automatically when a flag file named: NTGR_USBBOOT_INFO.txt exists on the root of the drive. For more info on USB recovery see here	0
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the r7300?	For the best performance from your Digital Entertainer, a wired Ethernet connection will enable HD video and high resolution photos to be streamed at the highest bitrates. Secondarily, using NETGEAR's Powerline HD product provides a next generation alternative to wireline and supports all but the most demanding HD streaming and high resolution photos. For wireless 802.11G connection, you can expect to stream standard definition video, music and standard resolution photos reliably although high network traffic and interference may cause some audio/video interruptions.	0
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the r7300?	Yes, however, it will not pass the data via the USB cable, only charge. Also, typically a PC USB port will not provide sufficient charge to get full functionality of the cradle, so it is not recommended.	0
Is there a way to increase the wireless output power of the r7300?	"In previous NETGEAR Powerline devices: XE102, XE102G, XET1001, they only support 56-bit DES encryption to secure the data. The current NETGEAR HomePlug AV devices* support a stronger security: 128-bit AES encryption to protect the data content transmitted over the Powerline network. In the same Powerline network the same security key is used to encrypt the data transmitted over the Powerline network. By default, NETGEAR sets the ""HomePlugAV"" as the security key out of the factory. NETGEAR recommends you to change the security key by pushing the security button or configuring the security key using the Powerline utility to build your own private and secured Powerline network."	0
Is there a way to set the dgn2200v4 as a modem only?	Yes. It is now added on firmware version 1.0.0.46. It can be seen under Device Mode on Advanced setup.	1
Is there a way to set the dgn2200v4 as a modem only?	Using a passcode (private network key), it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Is there a way to set the dgn2200v4 as a modem only?	"The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web GUI. Go to BASIC > xDSL and change “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply”. Alternatively you can configure this setting under Advanced Settings via ADVANCED > SETUP > ADSL SETTINGS and change the “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply""."	0
Is there a way to set the dgn2200v4 as a modem only?	The default login name (case-sensitive) is  ADMIN and the default login password (case-sensitive) is  PASSWORD.	0
Is there a way to set the dgn2200v4 as a modem only?	The XWN5001 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The device will resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	0
Is there a way to set the dgn2200v4 as a modem only?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
"Is there a way to set the dgnd3700v2 into a pure ""bridge"" or dsl modem only?"	Yes, there is. It can be seen under the option Device Mode.	1
"Is there a way to set the dgnd3700v2 into a pure ""bridge"" or dsl modem only?"	Before you start your DSL installation:	0
"Is there a way to set the dgnd3700v2 into a pure ""bridge"" or dsl modem only?"	This channel change will have a positive improvement to your 5GHz Wi-Fi performance because 5GHz Wi-Fi channels at 149 and above offer better Wi-Fi range and performance.	0
"Is there a way to set the dgnd3700v2 into a pure ""bridge"" or dsl modem only?"	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
"Is there a way to set the dgnd3700v2 into a pure ""bridge"" or dsl modem only?"	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
"Is there a way to set the dgnd3700v2 into a pure ""bridge"" or dsl modem only?"	Yes, the C6300 does support VPN pass-through.	0
Is there an expansion unit for rn3138 to add more than 4 disks?	There is no expansion chassis for RN3138 at this time. NETGEAR desktop expansion EDA500 is not compatible with RN3138.	1
Is there an expansion unit for rn3138 to add more than 4 disks?	Yes, many new notebooks are coming with Wireless-N integrated. All these Wireless-N notebooks will connect at higher speeds and offer better range than when connected to your old Wireless-G Router. Look for “a/b/g/n” or “Next-Generation Wireless-N” on your notebook specifications to see if it is a Wireless-N notebook.	0
Is there an expansion unit for rn3138 to add more than 4 disks?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is there an expansion unit for rn3138 to add more than 4 disks?	1. Press the reset button on the bottom until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5 to 10 seconds.	0
Is there an expansion unit for rn3138 to add more than 4 disks?	You have to reset the WN802T-200 back to factory settings and login using the default login name and password, which are “admin” and “password”	0
Is there an expansion unit for rn3138 to add more than 4 disks?	Yes. D6200(B) Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
Is there an sdk that we could use to extend the capabilities of this eva8000?	No SDK at this time.	1
Is there an sdk that we could use to extend the capabilities of this eva8000?	Since the computer is the one acting as a DLNA server, then it would be the media player of the computer that would help with the detection of the MKV file. You can play different file formats depending on the codec used by the media player.	0
Is there an sdk that we could use to extend the capabilities of this eva8000?	EEE (Energy Efficient Ethernet) is an IEEE standard of 802.3az, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
Is there an sdk that we could use to extend the capabilities of this eva8000?	Yes, R6220 Wi-Fi Router is backwards compatible with legacy Wi-Fi standards.	0
Is there an sdk that we could use to extend the capabilities of this eva8000?	Timemachine backup may sometimes fail due to several reasons. Please follow the criteria below to ensure that your Timemachine backup is successful.	0
Is there an sdk that we could use to extend the capabilities of this eva8000?	"Yes. If the TV is connected to the ""Coax Out"" port of the MCA1001v2, the TV picture can become worse when the MCA1001v2 is powered off. The user can connect TV to an external splitter, instead of the ""Coax Out"" port, to resolve the issue."	0
Is there any limitation to use the xav101v2 with ethernet nic cards?	The XAV101v2 does not support 10/100 M half mode. Please do not set your Ethernet NIC cards to either 10M half mode or 100M half mode.	1
Is there any limitation to use the xav101v2 with ethernet nic cards?	There is no option to change the stated settings on home routers.	0
Is there any limitation to use the xav101v2 with ethernet nic cards?	NETGEAR recommends a maximum of 300 feet of cable between the root node and the coax outlet.	0
Is there any limitation to use the xav101v2 with ethernet nic cards?	Yes, DGND3300(B) supports Wireless Distribution System (WDS). However, WDS compatibility across different platforms can be problematic - DGND3300(B) uses Broadcom silicon and WDS will work best with other Broadcom-based platforms.	0
Is there any limitation to use the xav101v2 with ethernet nic cards?	The D7000 has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side and right side of the modem router respectively.	0
Is there any limitation to use the xav101v2 with ethernet nic cards?	4G LTE Broadband is currently available in many major cities and airports nationwide, and will continue to expand service to cities and towns across the US. To see current availability, check the [Coverage Map](http://network4g.verizonwireless.com/#/coverage).	0
Is there any other way to update the firmware of the gtv100 to the latest one?	Please try to update the firmware again later or on the following day.	1
Is there any other way to update the firmware of the gtv100 to the latest one?	Yes. Unlike the WNDAP330, WNDAP350 supports concurrent 2.4 GHz band and 5 GHz band operations.	0
Is there any other way to update the firmware of the gtv100 to the latest one?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is there any other way to update the firmware of the gtv100 to the latest one?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 300Mbps link rate.	0
Is there any other way to update the firmware of the gtv100 to the latest one?	If you use 11ac wireless devices to connect with R6200, the maximum connection	0
Is there any other way to update the firmware of the gtv100 to the latest one?	The XAV1004 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrade.	0
Is there any way to use a keyboard with the eva9000 to enter text for web surfing?	You may attach a USB keyboard and mouse. At this time only US English layout is supported.	1
Is there any way to use a keyboard with the eva9000 to enter text for web surfing?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
Is there any way to use a keyboard with the eva9000 to enter text for web surfing?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Is there any way to use a keyboard with the eva9000 to enter text for web surfing?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using 2 options:	0
Is there any way to use a keyboard with the eva9000 to enter text for web surfing?	1. Make sure your AP is not running legacy B or G. This kind of AP can’t have enough wireless bandwidth to support HD.	0
Is there any way to use a keyboard with the eva9000 to enter text for web surfing?	The A6210 has USB3.0 interface and is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11a/b/g/n/ac specifications and 802.11ac draft 2.0. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a, 802.11n and 802.11ac wireless routers and access points. A6210 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 866.7Mbps in 5GHz and up to 400Mbps in 2.4GHz bands.	0
Is there anyway to use a keyboard with the eva8000 to enter text for web surfing?	Not currently.	1
Is there anyway to use a keyboard with the eva8000 to enter text for web surfing?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAVN2001 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Is there anyway to use a keyboard with the eva8000 to enter text for web surfing?	MU-MIMO is a new Wi-Fi technology which allows multiple 1x1 or 2x2 clients to transmit and receive wireless packets at the same time. With the current technology, the router handles wireless packets one at a time, even with multiple Wi-Fi clients. MU-MIMO can break this limitation and also be very useful for current popular Wi-Fi devices, like mobile devices and IoT devices. Your Wi-Fi client must support the MU-MIMO capability in order to receive the benefits of it.	0
Is there anyway to use a keyboard with the eva8000 to enter text for web surfing?	WNDR3700 product is the most powerful and full featured router compared to any wireless router in the market today. With a 680 MHz power processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that WNDR3700 provides.	0
Is there anyway to use a keyboard with the eva8000 to enter text for web surfing?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Is there anyway to use a keyboard with the eva8000 to enter text for web surfing?	FS105 is an unmanaged switch with five 10/100Mbps ports in a metal case and v3 means Version 3.	0
Is time machine feature of stora working with mac os x 10.7?	Yes, it is work for 2.5.3 firmware of the Stora. Please see [http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html](http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html).	1
Is time machine feature of stora working with mac os x 10.7?	To meet the demands of today’s—and tomorrow’s—network reality, NETGEAR developed Dynamic QoS. Dynamic Qos gives the Nighthawk X4 the intelligence to deliver quality of service that is both application and device aware.	0
Is time machine feature of stora working with mac os x 10.7?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Is time machine feature of stora working with mac os x 10.7?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX3800. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX3800. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
Is time machine feature of stora working with mac os x 10.7?	It supports 4 type QoS service. It includes applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. User can base on his behavior to setup internet traffic priority to get best efficiency.	0
Is time machine feature of stora working with mac os x 10.7?	The frequencies used by PL1000 are in the range of 2 MHz to 86 MHz.	0
Is wep security supported on the wnr2000v5?	Due to compliance with the latest WIFI Alliance standard, WEP security is no longer fully supported at 11n mode on the WNR2000v5. However, if you still would like to use WEP security, you can see this option once you change the security mode to “Up to 54Mbps”.	1
Is wep security supported on the wnr2000v5?	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	0
Is wep security supported on the wnr2000v5?	Yes. D6200(B) Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
Is wep security supported on the wnr2000v5?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Is wep security supported on the wnr2000v5?	The XAVB6504 has not a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware.	0
Is wep security supported on the wnr2000v5?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
Is wnr2500 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11 b/g?	Yes. WNR2500 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	1
Is wnr2500 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11 b/g?	The  PL1000 ADAPTER needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The  PLW1000 will work with a  WIRED OR WIRELESS type of router.	0
Is wnr2500 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11 b/g?	During installation via the browser based genie, the Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time when you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alert when new firmware is available.	0
Is wnr2500 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11 b/g?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input (Please refer to the product label). The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 7 seconds to bring the unit to factory default settings.	0
Is wnr2500 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11 b/g?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is wnr2500 wi-fi router backward compatible with 802.11 b/g?	1. Physically connect the USB hard drive to your Mac	0
Is wpa/wpa2 enterprise wireless security option available on the 5ghz band?	This security option is only available on the 2.4 GHz band and not available on the 5GHz band.	1
Is wpa/wpa2 enterprise wireless security option available on the 5ghz band?	It’s an upgrade to unmanaged switch which can only Plug-N-Play, and is not configurable. ProSAFE Plus switch gives user the flexibility to configure certain static layer 2 settings to better fit their needs.	0
Is wpa/wpa2 enterprise wireless security option available on the 5ghz band?	There is a discovery tool called “Config Assistant” in the product CD (you can also download it from the NETGEAR support site). Run this tool from the PC behind the bridge, or a pc behind the router the bridge is connected to, and it will find the WNHDE111 bridges (with their IP addresses) in the network for you. It’s recommended to make a copy of this tool on your PC’s desktop.	0
Is wpa/wpa2 enterprise wireless security option available on the 5ghz band?	お使いのPCで「インターネット接続の共有」を有効にしている場合は、以下の通り無効に変更してください。	0
Is wpa/wpa2 enterprise wireless security option available on the 5ghz band?	* XS708E can only be configured using ProSAFE Plus Utility. XS708Ev2 supports both Plus Utility and Web browser for remote access.	0
Is wpa/wpa2 enterprise wireless security option available on the 5ghz band?	The DGN3500 has internal antennas adjusted to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Is xav1004 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No. XAV1004 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV1004 is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Is xav1004 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Primarily the cradle changes the direction that the antenna radiates its energy. The mobile hotspot by itself, necessarily, has to radiate its antenna energy in all directions at once. When the device is mobile, it’s impossible to know how it will be positioned relative to the nearest base station (lying flat, in a pocket horizontally, in a bag vertically, etc.). The cradle, however, only radiates energy horizontally, and looks for signal relatively close to the ground, not up in the air or straight down. It can do this because once the cradle is set up and the mobile hotspot is docked, the device no longer changes its position relative to the base station, it’s always upright in the cradle, on the same horizontal plane.	0
Is xav1004 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The C6250 supports up to 16 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	0
Is xav1004 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	i. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the  RESTORE FACTORY SETTINGS button, located on the bottom of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Is xav1004 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
Is xav1004 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The DGND3800B does not support this function.	0
Is xav101 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	No. XAV101 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV101 is only compatible with HomePlug AV but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Is xav101 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	The antenna gain of these 3 external antennas is  5DBI in 2.4GHz.	0
Is xav101 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	The EVA9000 uses the internal hard drive, a network share or USB drive to store some of its settings. This location is user definable and is normally configured during setup. This location can be changed to a different location at any time by choosing the following from the Home menu: More > Supervisor functions > Advanced settings > Media library management > Data save location.	0
Is xav101 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	"1. ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
Is xav101 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	The remote control button usage depends on the channel you are viewing. The UP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT/OK and Home buttons are the common remote control buttons. The red/green/yellow/blue remote control buttons are used by VUDU, firmware upgrade notifications, and network configuration. Please follow the on screen notes to use those buttons.	0
Is xav101 compatible with homeplug 1.0?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is xav101v2 compatible to homeplug 1.0 adapters?	No. XAV101v2 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV101 is only compatible with HomePlug AV devices. Besides, we don’t recommend to put XAV101v2 devices at the co-existence environment with HomePlug 1.0 adapters. The throughput will be impacted by HomePlug 1.0 adapters.	1
Is xav101v2 compatible to homeplug 1.0 adapters?	Yes, you need to change your screen display setting to extend mode.	0
Is xav101v2 compatible to homeplug 1.0 adapters?	You can enable the XWN5001 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	0
Is xav101v2 compatible to homeplug 1.0 adapters?	DST is an acronym for Dead Spot Terminator. DST is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via electrical wiring in your home. The standard is called HomePlug AV (HPAV2).	0
Is xav101v2 compatible to homeplug 1.0 adapters?	NETGEAR R6300 Wi-Fi 802.11ac Router will be available across various retail and online stores. Please visit the links below for the list:	0
Is xav101v2 compatible to homeplug 1.0 adapters?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 15 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Is xav5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No. XAV5001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Is xav5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Is xav5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Is xav5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	There is no option to change output power on the wireless. The only alternative is to optimize the wireless settings and choosing the best location for the router.	0
Is xav5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
Is xav5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	NETGEAR recommends at least 1.2Mbps. You might also need a router if you cannot connect the player directly to your cable or DSL modem.	0
Is xav5201 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No, XAV5201 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Is xav5201 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Yes, it supports jumbo frames up to 9,216 bytes.	0
Is xav5201 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
Is xav5201 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	0
Is xav5201 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	After you reset the unit to its factory default settings, the set-up changes that you did (e.g., password change) will be rest to original factory default values.	0
Is xav5201 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Here are some approaches you can try.	0
Is xavb1101 compatible with other powerline products?	Our XAVB1101 is compatible with all of our 200 Mbps Home Plug AV products and our 500 Mbps Home Plug AV Products. For example XAVB2001, XAVB1004, XAVB5001, XAVB5501, and XAVB101. It is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps powerline products like XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	1
Is xavb1101 compatible with other powerline products?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
Is xavb1101 compatible with other powerline products?	* Check the LED on the front panel of the Digital Entertainer HD to make sure the power is on. Make sure the television is turned on. If the LED on the front panel is not on push “power” on the remote and / or make sure the unit is plugged in.	0
Is xavb1101 compatible with other powerline products?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. GSS116E supports the Auto DoS but GSS108E doesn’t.	0
Is xavb1101 compatible with other powerline products?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is xavb1101 compatible with other powerline products?	First, make sure your computer is on DHCP. Second, make sure the PC to WiFi Booster status LED is green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, re-launch the browser and enter [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.COM](http://www.mywifiext.com). If your PC has ipv6 enabled, please disable it during installation.	0
Is xavb1101 homeplug av compliant?	Yes.	1
Is xavb1101 homeplug av compliant?	No, PL1200 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
Is xavb1101 homeplug av compliant?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Is xavb1101 homeplug av compliant?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Is xavb1101 homeplug av compliant?	* [How do I backup data from Windows to my ReadyNAS OS 6 system using the ReadyCLOUD client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29776)	0
Is xavb1101 homeplug av compliant?	Yes, the XAV1004 does support Standby mode.	0
Is xavb2001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No. XAVB2001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Is xavb2001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The NETGEAR Mobile Hotspot (AC762S) is preferred over tethering for 4 major reasons.	0
Is xavb2001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
Is xavb2001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Only the following third-party modules are compatible with M6100 Chassis Switch:	0
Is xavb2001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	DST is an acronym for Dead Spot Terminator. DST is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via electrical wiring in your home. The standard is called HomePlug AV (HPAV2).	0
Is xavb2001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	"Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing WN31000RP. Once you have complete WN31000RP installation, go to WN31000RP GUI ([http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net)), select the ""Attached device"" option on the left page, it will show the information which each computer attached to WN31000RP. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the ""Virtual MAC address"" column into your router."	0
Is xavb2101 compatible with other powerline products?	Our XAVB2101 is compatible with all of our 200 Mbps Home Plug AV products and our 500 Mbps Home Plug AV Products, for example XAVB2001, XAVB1004, XAVB5001, XAVB5501, and XAVB101v2. It is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps powerline products like XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	1
Is xavb2101 compatible with other powerline products?	Yes, you need to change your screen display setting to extend mode.	0
Is xavb2101 compatible with other powerline products?	During installation via the browser based genie, the  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER looks for the latest firmware, and if there is new firmware, router will ask user to confirm to upgrade it or not. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time when you login into the GUI.	0
Is xavb2101 compatible with other powerline products?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is xavb2101 compatible with other powerline products?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
Is xavb2101 compatible with other powerline products?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WPN824N, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network.	0
Is xavb2101 homeplug av compliant?	Yes.	1
Is xavb2101 homeplug av compliant?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is xavb2101 homeplug av compliant?	The EX7300/EX6400 can extend any existing wireless network. We suggest you connect to the 5GHz network when available, but any wireless router you have should work.	0
Is xavb2101 homeplug av compliant?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only music files are supported.	0
Is xavb2101 homeplug av compliant?	1. For fastest media browsing, add media locations on your network to the NTV550 library. Media locations that you’ve added to the library are automatically scanned for media and categorized. Once media has been categorized, you can browse it instantly from the Video, Music, and Photos menus by selecting “Browse Categories”, “Browse all NNN videos/songs”, or “Browse recently added”. You can narrow down your selections by any of the available categories, including Artist, Cast, Director, Rating, Year, Duration, etc.	0
Is xavb2101 homeplug av compliant?	Qualcomm MSM6290	0
Is xavb2602 compliant with 500mbps powerline adapters?	Yes, the XAV2602 is HomePlug AV certificated. It is not only compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, but also compatible with NETGEAR 500Mbps Powerline devices. NETGEAR Powerline models XAV101, XAV1004, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1301, XAV1501, XAV1601, XAV2501, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5601, XAV5004, and XAVN2001 are compatible with the XAV2602. But the XAV2602 is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps Powerline products like the XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	1
Is xavb2602 compliant with 500mbps powerline adapters?	The  PL1000 connects to your router and then plugs directly into the wall to inject the internet connection into the powerline.	0
Is xavb2602 compliant with 500mbps powerline adapters?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is xavb2602 compliant with 500mbps powerline adapters?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is xavb2602 compliant with 500mbps powerline adapters?	There are two radios built into the DGND3300(B), one transmitting at 2.4GHz for 802.11g/802.11b and one for transmitting at 5GHz/2.4GHz for 802.11a/802.11n.	0
Is xavb2602 compliant with 500mbps powerline adapters?	For the best performance from your Digital Entertainer, a wired Ethernet connection will enable HD video and high resolution photos to be streamed at the highest bitrates. Secondarily, using NETGEAR's Powerline HD product provides a next generation alternative to wireline and supports all but the most demanding HD streaming and high resolution photos. For wireless 802.11G connection, you can expect to stream standard definition video, music and standard resolution photos reliably although high network traffic and interference may cause some audio/video interruptions.	0
Is xavb5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No. XAVB5001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Is xavb5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	This is a ProSAFE 8-port 10-Gigabit Ethernet Web Managed Switch. It supports eight 100/1000/10000 Mbps RJ45 ports with one combo port supporting 10 Gigabit SFP+ fiber.	0
Is xavb5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the extender status LED flashes in amber.	0
Is xavb5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	An electronic license will mean that there is no printed license key card included with the ProSECURE product. It is entirely electronic and means that the serial number of the product will be tied to a license on the NETGEAR licensing servers.	0
Is xavb5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The WNDAP350 will work with the existing 802.3af PoE infrastructure, so no new, non-standard equipment needs to be deployed.	0
Is xavb5001 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet is strongly recommended to get the best performances. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
Is xavb5101 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No. XAVB5101 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Is xavb5101 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
Is xavb5101 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Smart Connect balances your 5 GHz WiFi connections into two different radio bands: the 5 GHz radio 1 band and the 5 GHz radio 2 band. The router uses Smart Connect to choose the best radio band for your device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
Is xavb5101 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
Is xavb5101 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	R6900 supports 2.4GHz + 256 QAM Wi-Fi. Current market availability does not yet support 256 QAM. When available, R6900 users can take immediate advantage of the speed boost.	0
Is xavb5101 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	[How do I change the file and folder permission on the ReadyNAS that is attached to domain controller?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21506)	0
Is xavb5501 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No. XAVB5501 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Is xavb5501 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Is xavb5501 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The FastBackbone feature allows for faster convergence time when an indirect link to root fails. When a root port or blocked port receives an inferior BPDU from the designated switch on that port, the switch infers that an indirect link to the root has failed. To speed up convergence, the max age timer is immediately expired and the port is put through the Listening and Learning states.	0
Is xavb5501 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The XAV5201 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
Is xavb5501 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Arlo Wire-Free cameras are weatherproof and can be used both indoors and outdoors. Arlo Q cameras deliver the best experience indoors.	0
Is xavb5501 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No, DM200 is purely a VDSL/ADSL modem and it does not have WiFi/wireless capabilities.	0
Is xavb5601 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No. XAVB5601 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Is xavb5601 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	DST is an acronym for Dead Spot Terminator. DST is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via electrical wiring in your home. The standard is called HomePlug AV (HPAV2).	0
Is xavb5601 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	NETGEAR Windows Genie 2.4.16 or later	0
Is xavb5601 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	This will be fixed on the upcoming firmware release. In the meantime, you can change the GUI language by going on the top right corner of the GUI and selecting English from the drop-down list. You can also email or call our technical support team to obtain a beta firmware that you can upload to the router to fix the region issue.	0
Is xavb5601 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	"The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit and marked with ""RESET"". Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 7 seconds to bring the unit to factory default settings."	0
Is xavb5601 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input (Please refer to the product label). The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 7 seconds to bring the unit to factory default settings.	0
Is xavb5602 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No, The XAVB5602 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Is xavb5602 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The ADSL throughput is comparable. The WiFi throughput is comparable, and the number of WiFi devices that can be connected is comparable. The difference is in the number Ethernet ports that are available. Furthermore, the D1500 does not have USB port, as does DGN2200.	0
Is xavb5602 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	R6300 Wi-Fi Router and A6200 USB Wi-Fi adapter support Beamforming+ through firmware upgrade. R6200, R6250, D6300 & D6200 also support Beamforming+. Firmware upgrades are available now. Beamforming+ is enabled by default.	0
Is xavb5602 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps. (Best)	0
Is xavb5602 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	* [How do I configure local users mode on my ReadyNAS OS 6 storage system?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23151)	0
Is xavb5602 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	DGND3700 product is a powerful and full featured DSL router with a Dual core processor to handle the most computation intensive tasks easily. It simultaneously supports Wi-Fi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
Is xavb6504 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	No, The XAVB6504 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	1
Is xavb6504 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	The extender cannot check to see if the WEP passphrase is correct. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless device is not able to get the IP address from the extender. You must reset the extender to the factory defaults to get the IP address back.	0
Is xavb6504 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	"This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check ""Enable Video Network"" to avoid jitter in your wireless network."	0
Is xavb6504 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
Is xavb6504 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	See the table below for antenna specifications.	0
Is xavb6504 compatible to homeplug 1.0?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Is xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter compatible to homeplug devices of other manufacturers?	To obtain an optimum performance and usability, we recommend users to use NETGEAR powerline product like XE102, WGX102 or XE104. They are tested and proven on interoperability. Furthermore, XE103 85Mbps Wall-Plugged Ethernet Adapter is compatible to the HomePlug standard; it operates with all other devices being compatible to this standard.	1
Is xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter compatible to homeplug devices of other manufacturers?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA3100. Please make sure to have the latest firmware and drivers for the products.	0
Is xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter compatible to homeplug devices of other manufacturers?	Yes.	0
Is xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter compatible to homeplug devices of other manufacturers?	The R6200v2 supports the Wi-Fi beamforming technology	0
Is xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter compatible to homeplug devices of other manufacturers?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting XE103s to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Is xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter compatible to homeplug devices of other manufacturers?	The installation or configuration CD is not required to install or configure your router. The Setup Wizard in the router management interface serves the same purpose as the Smart Wizard on the installation CD.	0
I’ve tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin but wps did not work. what can i do?	Please make sure the wireless LED is lit on the front panel of WNR2200.	1
I’ve tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin but wps did not work. what can i do?	Hardware reset: Push the reset button on the back of the router for 15 seconds.	0
I’ve tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin but wps did not work. what can i do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
I’ve tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin but wps did not work. what can i do?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV101v2 configuration utility. The NETGEAR XAV101v2 configuration utility is posted on XAV101v2 product page.	0
I’ve tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin but wps did not work. what can i do?	4G LTE Broadband is currently available in many major cities and airports nationwide, and will continue to expand service to cities and towns across the US. To see current availability, check the [Coverage Map](http://network4g.verizonwireless.com/#/coverage).	0
I’ve tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin but wps did not work. what can i do?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5601 Configuration utility.	0
Known issues	Status Legend Green=Resolved Fixed in future release	1
Known issues	D7800 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Known issues	Any Network Storage device can be connected to the NETGEAR Router's Ethernet port. Just make sure that it is getting a valid IP address from our router so it will be visible from the network. Mapping or accessing the files from the NAS using a computer is beyond NETGEAR's support scope. Please refer to the manufacturer of the NAS for additional assistance.	0
Known issues	Please take caution when using the Ethernet Port Aggregation feature when connecting the router's AGGREGATE ports to a switch. The router's AGGREGATE ports use 802.3ad LACP (Link Aggregation Control Protocol) to perform port aggregation. LACP is typically found on Smart Managed Switches and Fully Managed switches. It will not work on a regular unmanaged switch. If you do not know what type of switch you have, please check with the switch manufacturer's website to confirm whether or not LACP is supported on your switch.	0
Known issues	M6100 I/O blades provide two serial ports:	0
Known issues	Ethernet port aggregation allows the router to combine Ethernet ports 1 and 2 for data transfer to a supporting device, such as a NAS. The router supports 802.3ad link aggregation protocol, and will improve the aggregation file download and upload speeds to over the 1G boundary. Ethernet port aggregation is also referred to as link aggregation, teaming port, and port trunking.	0
Led color                 description	Solid Green                        Powered on and ready for use	1
Led color                 description	Yes, the XAVB5101 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Led color                 description	[Official 6.4.1](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30110)	0
Led color                 description	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router.	0
Led color                 description	Yes, the C3000 and C37000 cable modem routers with the latest FW support OpenDNS Live Parental Controls. However, some ISPs are still using old firmware versions that do not support OpenDNS Live Parental Controls. If your C3000/C37000 modem router has FW older than V2.02.08 you can still use Parental Controls through the Content Filtering>Block Sites Feature.	0
Led color                 description	[How can I backup Windows shares with files with foreign characters in their names?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
Mac os x:	[How well does ReadyNAS work in a Mac environment?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21515)	1
Mac os x:	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Mac os x:	 You can only use HDMI for the PTV3000.	0
Mac os x:	Each Ethernet port has two LEDs located on the left side of the unit.	0
Mac os x:	UserName: admin	0
Mac os x:	No, the entire feature set is available without requiring any license. For simplicity, all advanced new features included in M6100 chassis series are available without additional cost.	0
Many are used for receive?	The NETGEAR DGN1000 uses 1 antenna for transmit and receive.	1
Many are used for receive?	Naked ADSL2+ is a DSL connection that uses the full bandwidth of the phone line, leaving none for traditional telephone calls. VoIP calls can still be made, by connecting a VoIP phone to an ethernet port on the LAN side of the NETGEAR router.	0
Many are used for receive?	No. XAVB5601 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Many are used for receive?	It's an upgrade from unmanaged switch which can only be Plug-N-Play, and is not configurable. ProSAFE Plus switch gives user the flexibility to configure certain static layer 2 settings for more visibility, better reliability and improved network performance.	0
Many are used for receive?	The default IP address is 192.168.1.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default user name “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
Many are used for receive?	The power consumption of XAV2001 is 4 Watts in 110V AC and 5 Watts in 220V AC .	0
Miscellaneous:	[Software Incompatibilities](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21544)	1
Miscellaneous:	Yes, the C6300 supports OpenDNS Live Parental Controls (LPC).	0
Miscellaneous:	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands ( 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
Miscellaneous:	The power LED blinking, indicates your router has corrupted firmware. There is a router firmware recovery utility in the router Resource CD. Please run the CD on a PC that is connected to the router (it is OK and normal for your PC NOT to receive an IP address as the router software is corrupted), select “Supporting Software”, and run “NETGEAR Firmware Recovery Utility”. This utility should be able to recover your router in approximately 15 minutes. Please do not unplug or disconnect anything during the recovery process.	0
Miscellaneous:	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Miscellaneous:	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet. This device is equiped with NAT.	0
Mobile clients	* [Using ReadyCLOUD app for iOS to access your ReadyNAS OS 6 remotely?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24937)	1
Mobile clients	DGND3800B not only come integrated with the DSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
Mobile clients	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
Mobile clients	Yes, WPN824 can double its range by setting it up in a Repeater mode.	0
Mobile clients	ReadyNAS is the most sophisticated storage product for Small Businesses in the market. Included in ReadyNAS are the same data protection features found in Enterprise storage solutions like Snapshots. Snapshots provide continuous data protection and the ability to restore files and iSCSI LUNs to any point in time. All of this protection can be automated and requires no end-user intervention. Users can restore their own files from the past providing a complete self-service IT solution.	0
Mobile clients	1. Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
Model  type   description                    sfp ports  sfp+ ports	AFM735          100BASE-FX      NETGEAR SFP Multimode LC Transceiver    Yes                 No	1
Model  type   description                    sfp ports  sfp+ ports	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Model  type   description                    sfp ports  sfp+ ports	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that the Wireless Device to Extender LED is solid green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](www.mywifiext.net).	0
Model  type   description                    sfp ports  sfp+ ports	No. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can only be used to connect the PC to the WiFi Booster. See more instructions below.	0
Model  type   description                    sfp ports  sfp+ ports	When browsing a song, the UI shows a different length compared to what is shown on the Now Playing screen. This is due to the audio browser showing the song length that was read from the audio file’s ID3 tag data. The Now Playing screen actually calculates the duration of the song.	0
Model  type   description                    sfp ports  sfp+ ports	8 internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Model  type   description                  sfp ports  sfp+ ports	J9099B          100BASE-BX10-D  HP® X112 100M SFP LC BX-D Transceiver Yes                 No	1
Model  type   description                  sfp ports  sfp+ ports	No. This cannot be configured on home routers.	0
Model  type   description                  sfp ports  sfp+ ports	Factory reset can be accomplished by holding the hardware reset button for over two seconds or using the software Factory Reset button via the NETGEAR genie app or NETGEAR genie web user interface.	0
Model  type   description                  sfp ports  sfp+ ports	Try increasing the Streaming Buffer Size (under Performance settings) to 64000 or greater to help improve the video streaming performance.	0
Model  type   description                  sfp ports  sfp+ ports	This is a bug in the Setup CD which sets the Internet connection idle timeout to 5 minutes. To remove the idle timeout, log into the Basic Settings page and change the Idle Timeout to zero minutes. If you didn't use the Setup CD to configure your device you will not see the problem.	0
Model  type   description                  sfp ports  sfp+ ports	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 65Mbps or 150Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
Music albums are not playing gaplessly	1. NTV550 supports gapless album playback for these file types: MP3, M4A, FLAC. For MP3 and M4A, NTV550 will only play gaplessly if the album name matches for all tracks. (While browsing your music, the album name is shown on the right side when you select a track.)	1
Music albums are not playing gaplessly	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connection, by design.	0
Music albums are not playing gaplessly	Enter [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://www.routerlogin.net](http://www.routerlogin.net) in the address field of your web browser.	0
Music albums are not playing gaplessly	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
Music albums are not playing gaplessly	You can leave the NETGEAR router on all the time. There is no need to turn the router off.	0
Music albums are not playing gaplessly	1. NTV550 supports Bluray profiles 1.1 and 2.0. Profile 2.0 is required to access BD Live functions, and requires attached storage of at least 1GB. The storage can be on an attached USB or eSATA device. Select a location for the attached storage in Settings -> Audio/Video -> Bluray options. If no location has been set, profile 1.1 is used.	0
My  ex2700 cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	* Make sure you have added the EX2700's MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	1
My  ex2700 cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	When browsing a song, the UI shows a different length compared to what is shown on the Now Playing screen. This is due to the audio browser showing the song length that was read from the audio file's ID3 tag data. The Now Playing screen actually calculates the duration of the song.	0
My  ex2700 cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAVN2001 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
My  ex2700 cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	Arlo Wire-Free cameras are weatherproof and battery powered. You can use Arlo Wire-Free cameras both indoors and outdoors.	0
My  ex2700 cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	Yes, the powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz. The operating frequencies overlap with 27MHz wireless keyboards and mice. But the interference might happen only if the XAV2101 is close enough to the wireless range.	0
My  ex2700 cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
My 5ghz client becomes slower when connected to the ex6100 than directly connected to my 3x3 router?	This is expected. Since the EX6100 provides 1x1 11ac antenna stream in 5GHz band the connection in 5GHz band will be the lower of the two, meaning 1x1 11ac.	1
My 5ghz client becomes slower when connected to the ex6100 than directly connected to my 3x3 router?	DGND3800B not only come integrated with the DSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
My 5ghz client becomes slower when connected to the ex6100 than directly connected to my 3x3 router?	By default, the R7300 router and DST6501 use the same DST encryption key, so they can automatically connect. Log into the router to update the DST adapter settings.	0
My 5ghz client becomes slower when connected to the ex6100 than directly connected to my 3x3 router?	Yes, it supports jumbo frames up to 9,216 bytes.	0
My 5ghz client becomes slower when connected to the ex6100 than directly connected to my 3x3 router?	* [ReadyCLOUD Permissions](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24927)	0
My 5ghz client becomes slower when connected to the ex6100 than directly connected to my 3x3 router?	* [How do I recover a lost or forgotten administrator password on my ReadyNAS OS 6?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29760)	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3700 than directly connected to my router?	If your client has good wifi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	1
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3700 than directly connected to my router?	1. Please make sure the connected PC/NB or mobile phone is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3700 than directly connected to my router?	Yes, the XAVB5001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3700 than directly connected to my router?	Yes, it will work.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3700 than directly connected to my router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The newest and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3700 than directly connected to my router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3800 than directly connected to my router?	If your client has good wifi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	1
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3800 than directly connected to my router?	One possible root cause is because the USB selective suspend. USB Specification has power save mechanism called USB selective suspend. If a USB device is idle for a long time, the USB device may go to USB selective suspend. If WNDA4100 enters USB selective suspend mode, it will disconnects the Internet. Win7 OS’s default setting is “on”. You can disable this feature in the Win7.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3800 than directly connected to my router?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3800 than directly connected to my router?	* [How do I configure local users mode on my ReadyNAS OS 6 storage system?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23151)	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3800 than directly connected to my router?	The frequencies used by XAVB6504 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex3800 than directly connected to my router?	NETGEAR keeps improving the supported set top box information, but if you cannot find the correct codes during first time setup, Please skip this setting and finish the setup. As we add new firmware upgrades, we will continue to improve the supported set top boxes, which might include support for your model set top box.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex6120 or ex6000 than directly connected to my router?	If your client has good WiFi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	1
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex6120 or ex6000 than directly connected to my router?	This channel change will have a positive improvement to your 5GHz Wi-Fi performance because 5GHz Wi-Fi channels at 149 and above offer better Wi-Fi range and performance.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex6120 or ex6000 than directly connected to my router?	Yes, but there are some limitations. A Windows PC is required for the following functions: Watching or recording Live TV using a PC TV Tuner card; Watching YouTube Videos; Listening or Watching to DRM (Digital Rights Management) protected content.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex6120 or ex6000 than directly connected to my router?	Using these channels may cause interference with other devices approved to use these channels.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex6120 or ex6000 than directly connected to my router?	There is no option to change output power on the wireless. The only alternative is to optimize the wireless settings and choosing the best location for the router.	0
My client becomes slower when connected to the ex6120 or ex6000 than directly connected to my router?	The R6300 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6300 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	0
"My gui is to chinese language and wireless setting is stuck on ""asia"" region , how do i change this?"	This will be fixed on the upcoming firmware release. In the meantime, you can change the GUI language by going on the top right corner of the GUI and selecting English from the drop-down list. You can also email or call our technical support team to obtain a beta firmware that you can upload to the router to fix the region issue.	1
"My gui is to chinese language and wireless setting is stuck on ""asia"" region , how do i change this?"	In main GUI page, click in ‘settings’ icon and then click on ‘network’ to configure your network type. Before doing so, please make sure your current connection is disconnect; otherwise, the list will be gray out and you won’t be able to edit it until you disconnect the current connection. And without the SIM card inert in the dongle, you will not be able to change the default setting as well (gray-out)	0
"My gui is to chinese language and wireless setting is stuck on ""asia"" region , how do i change this?"	The DGN3500 has internal antennas adjusted to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
"My gui is to chinese language and wireless setting is stuck on ""asia"" region , how do i change this?"	QoS stands for Quality of Service. It’s the ability in a router to differentiate Internet traffic by type—such as video, voice and data—and assign different priority to that traffic to maximize available bandwidth. With basic QoS, streaming content—like videos or games—gets higher priority over lighter traffic like email or chat sites.	0
"My gui is to chinese language and wireless setting is stuck on ""asia"" region , how do i change this?"	1. Go to Advanced Setup -> Wireless settings	0
"My gui is to chinese language and wireless setting is stuck on ""asia"" region , how do i change this?"	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
My lan port led is amber. what does that mean?	The LAN port LED is amber if your device is connected to 10/100 Mbps Ethernet. The LAN port LED is white if your device is connected to Gigabit Ethernet.	1
My lan port led is amber. what does that mean?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
My lan port led is amber. what does that mean?	Please disable MAC filter on your router. Power on WN2500RP and connect all of your wireless devices to WN2500RP. Please ensure the Link Rate LED is stayed on. Then login to your router’s GUI to check the attached devices on your routers. There will be some devices which the first 6 digital of MAC Address is “02:0F:B5”. Please add these MAC Addresses into your router MAC filter table.( see the picture below for example, the mac addresses in red rectangle should be added into MAC filter table).	0
My lan port led is amber. what does that mean?	You can use the following to log in:	0
My lan port led is amber. what does that mean?	"Launch web browser to login GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	0
My lan port led is amber. what does that mean?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will most likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
My laptop cannot access internet, but wifi booster is connecting to my router and link rate led is on. what can i do next step?	* Make sure you have added a pseudo MAC address based on your laptop MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	1
My laptop cannot access internet, but wifi booster is connecting to my router and link rate led is on. what can i do next step?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
My laptop cannot access internet, but wifi booster is connecting to my router and link rate led is on. what can i do next step?	That means PR2000 does not recognized your USB storage. It may have interoperability issue, or the power source of PR2000 is not enough to provide current to the storage.	0
My laptop cannot access internet, but wifi booster is connecting to my router and link rate led is on. what can i do next step?	Use Intel Wireless Display to check the wireless connection and reconnect to the Push2TV adapter if necessary.If the situation continues, try moving your laptop closer to the Push2TV adapter or place it in a location with a clear line of sight to the Push2TV adapter. Changing the channel of your WiFi router may also help.	0
My laptop cannot access internet, but wifi booster is connecting to my router and link rate led is on. what can i do next step?	Additional info and utility can be found at [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
My laptop cannot access internet, but wifi booster is connecting to my router and link rate led is on. what can i do next step?	No. Only drives purchased from NETGEAR can be used in RDD516. These drives have been extensively tested to guarantee best quality. Spare drives can be purchased from NETGEAR in case of disk failure.	0
My led is always red. what should i do?	It means the devices failed to start properly or poor WiFi link quality.	1
My led is always red. what should i do?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
My led is always red. what should i do?	Yes, it is.	0
My led is always red. what should i do?	"The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web GUI. Go to BASIC > xDSL and change “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply”. Alternatively you can configure this setting under Advanced Settings via ADVANCED > SETUP > ADSL SETTINGS and change the “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply""."	0
My led is always red. what should i do?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
My led is always red. what should i do?	You can add up to eight powerline devices.	0
My led is red in color. what should i do?	It means the power supply is not enough or link quality is poor.	1
My led is red in color. what should i do?	MicroUSB can be used as a power source for PR2000 from a laptop USB port while traveling. The USB 2.0 port can be used for ReadySHARE Storage or printer function when PR2000 is powered by Alternative Current (AC) source. USB 2.0 port can also act as a charger for your portable device, such as cell phone when PR2000 is plugged in (AC) socket.	0
My led is red in color. what should i do?	"Yes. Use the Windows key + P shortcut to select ""extend mode"". You must position the application you want to watch on the TV to the extended display (e.g. drag Windows Media Player past the right edge of the screen until it appears on your TV)."	0
My led is red in color. what should i do?	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	0
My led is red in color. what should i do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
My led is red in color. what should i do?	First you need to know if the telephone service is provided to you through digital VoIP (Voice over IP). If the telephone service is provided to you via VoIP, you need to use the Gateway Router from the service provider. An easy way to tell is by looking at the Gateway Router from the Service Provider and see if there is a phone jack to the phone (as opposed to the phone jack to the wall).	0
My netgear wifi extender won't connect to my bt home hub using wps, am i doing something wrong?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	1
My netgear wifi extender won't connect to my bt home hub using wps, am i doing something wrong?	That means Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue.	0
My netgear wifi extender won't connect to my bt home hub using wps, am i doing something wrong?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
My netgear wifi extender won't connect to my bt home hub using wps, am i doing something wrong?	No, it supports both 1G and 10Gbps.	0
My netgear wifi extender won't connect to my bt home hub using wps, am i doing something wrong?	NETGEAR has not finalized on how much the service fee would be. It there will ever be a fee, it would be about $4.99.	0
My netgear wifi extender won't connect to my bt home hub using wps, am i doing something wrong?	No. There is no option on the GTV100 to update its flash player version.	0
My network name is not showing up in the ap list?	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	1
My network name is not showing up in the ap list?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
My network name is not showing up in the ap list?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today :	0
My network name is not showing up in the ap list?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601. XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
My network name is not showing up in the ap list?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit and marked with “RESET”. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 7 seconds to bring the unit to factory default settings.	0
My network name is not showing up in the ap list?	This device supports 20/40 MHz Coexistence, AP feature, Brute Attack protection, IPV6 and Traffic Meter.	0
My own firmware crashed the router. is there any way i can recover the router?	Yes, the recovery procedure is :	1
My own firmware crashed the router. is there any way i can recover the router?	a. Yes, you can add scanning exclusions. You can add rule by Client, Destination and port combination under Global Settings/Scanning Exclusions	0
My own firmware crashed the router. is there any way i can recover the router?	All of our NETGEAR ReadyNAS devices with two Ethernet ports such as model RN100/200/300/500/700 desktops series and ReadyNAS RN2000/3000/4000 rack-mount series support port aggregation. Other 3rd party storage devices that supports link aggregation will work as well.	0
My own firmware crashed the router. is there any way i can recover the router?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
My own firmware crashed the router. is there any way i can recover the router?	Naked ADSL2+ is a DSL connection that uses the full bandwidth of the phone line, leaving none for traditional telephone calls. VoIP calls can still be made, by connecting a VoIP phone to an ethernet port on the LAN side of the NETGEAR router.	0
My own firmware crashed the router. is there any way i can recover the router?	Using other antennas with the R7300 is not recommended. There is not a list of compatible external antennas.	0
My personal usb drive is not accessible.	Your USB drive might require external power. The NeoTV 350 USB ports provide only 5 volts and 500 mA.	1
My personal usb drive is not accessible.	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
My personal usb drive is not accessible.	Yes, it is.	0
My personal usb drive is not accessible.	It supports a maximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
My personal usb drive is not accessible.	Yes, the XAVB5602 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
My personal usb drive is not accessible.	WPS is short for a Wi-Fi Protected Setup, which allows you to quickly ans securely connect to a wireless network. Without WPS, you must manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and wireless device to secure your wireless network. With WPS, the router automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
"My readynas is stuck ""booting..."" after the 6.4.0 firmware upgrade, how do i resolve it?"	"During the first boot after an upgrade to ReadyNAS OS 6.4.0, the ReadyNAS needs to complete a quota check. On some units such as the RN100/RN2120, this can be very time consuming and the unit may be in the ""Booting..."" process for quite some time while it completes the quota check. If your device appears in RAIDar, it is likely performing the quota check as expected and your ReadyNAS should not be restarted during this process. If your device does not appear in RAIDar, contact [NETGEAR Support](http://support.netgear.com/general/contact/)."	1
"My readynas is stuck ""booting..."" after the 6.4.0 firmware upgrade, how do i resolve it?"	* [How to diagnose backup job failures on a ReadyNAS OS 6 system](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29829)	0
"My readynas is stuck ""booting..."" after the 6.4.0 firmware upgrade, how do i resolve it?"	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
"My readynas is stuck ""booting..."" after the 6.4.0 firmware upgrade, how do i resolve it?"	Make sure that the base router (the router that the R6200v2 will connect to) is operational and able to connect wireless devices. Make a note of the following items:  SSID, SECURITY MODE, WIRELESS PASSWORD, OPERATING FREQUENCY (EITHER 2.4 GHZ OR 5 GHZ)	0
"My readynas is stuck ""booting..."" after the 6.4.0 firmware upgrade, how do i resolve it?"	If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use Microsoft AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the client GUI while the AP is in unconfigured mode and your PC pops up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
"My readynas is stuck ""booting..."" after the 6.4.0 firmware upgrade, how do i resolve it?"	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
My readynas reboots after attempting upgrade to 6.4.0 on rn100/rn2120 but it is stays on the same firmware, how do i resolve it?	There is a [workaround](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29974) for RN100/RN2120 units that will not upgrade due to a checksum issue. See the [workaround](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29974) for more information on this issue. This issue only affects RN100/RN2120 devices.	1
My readynas reboots after attempting upgrade to 6.4.0 on rn100/rn2120 but it is stays on the same firmware, how do i resolve it?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
My readynas reboots after attempting upgrade to 6.4.0 on rn100/rn2120 but it is stays on the same firmware, how do i resolve it?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
My readynas reboots after attempting upgrade to 6.4.0 on rn100/rn2120 but it is stays on the same firmware, how do i resolve it?	It depends on the mode you have selected. The extender is designed to connect wirelessly to the router in “Extender” mode and to connect with an Ethernet cable to the router in “Access Point” (AP) mode.	0
My readynas reboots after attempting upgrade to 6.4.0 on rn100/rn2120 but it is stays on the same firmware, how do i resolve it?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that the Wireless Device to Extender LED is solid green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](www.mywifiext.net).	0
My readynas reboots after attempting upgrade to 6.4.0 on rn100/rn2120 but it is stays on the same firmware, how do i resolve it?	If you can log into the router, you can go to the  SETUP > WIRELESS SETTINGS page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
My router has pre-configured wireless settings, how will i know my wireless ssid and password?	 The SSID and the wireless password is printed on the back or bottom of the router.	1
My router has pre-configured wireless settings, how will i know my wireless ssid and password?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
My router has pre-configured wireless settings, how will i know my wireless ssid and password?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation and you need to stop it before installing the adapter.	0
My router has pre-configured wireless settings, how will i know my wireless ssid and password?	No, the QoS on the router is for Internet traffic, not layer 2 QoS in LAN side by the powerline devices.	0
My router has pre-configured wireless settings, how will i know my wireless ssid and password?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the D1500 wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
My router has pre-configured wireless settings, how will i know my wireless ssid and password?	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
My router has pre-set wireless settings, where can i find my wireless ssid and password information?	The SSID and the wireless password are printed at the bottom of the router.	1
My router has pre-set wireless settings, where can i find my wireless ssid and password information?	No. XAVB2001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
My router has pre-set wireless settings, where can i find my wireless ssid and password information?	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole (red circle) on the product label of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	0
My router has pre-set wireless settings, where can i find my wireless ssid and password information?	No, your D6000 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
My router has pre-set wireless settings, where can i find my wireless ssid and password information?	Some approaches may help you to get a higher link rate and throughput in your environment:	0
My router has pre-set wireless settings, where can i find my wireless ssid and password information?	The EVA8000 uses a network share or USB drive to store some of its settings. This location is user definable and is normally configured during setup. This location can be changed to a different location at any time by choosing the following from the Home menu:  MORE >  SUPERVISOR FUNCTIONS >  ADVANCED SETTINGS >  MEDIA LIBRARY MANAGEMENT >  DATA SAVE LOCATION.	0
My router security is wep and i entered the wrong passphrase/security key on the wn2500rp, i cannot access wn2500rp anymore, what can i do?	The WN2500RP cannot check whether the WEP passphrase is correct or not. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless PC will not able to get IP address from WN2500RP. You need to reset the WN2500RP to factory default to get it back.	1
My router security is wep and i entered the wrong passphrase/security key on the wn2500rp, i cannot access wn2500rp anymore, what can i do?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
My router security is wep and i entered the wrong passphrase/security key on the wn2500rp, i cannot access wn2500rp anymore, what can i do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
My router security is wep and i entered the wrong passphrase/security key on the wn2500rp, i cannot access wn2500rp anymore, what can i do?	Please make sure that the power switch at the rear is pushed to ON position.	0
My router security is wep and i entered the wrong passphrase/security key on the wn2500rp, i cannot access wn2500rp anymore, what can i do?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
My router security is wep and i entered the wrong passphrase/security key on the wn2500rp, i cannot access wn2500rp anymore, what can i do?	NETGEAR home routers can block services and domain names but not the actual port.	0
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the extender. i cannot access the extender anymore. what can i do?	The extender cannot check to see if the WEP passphrase is correct. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless device is not able to get the IP address from the extender. You must reset the extender to the factory defaults to get the IP address back.	1
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the extender. i cannot access the extender anymore. what can i do?	Customers must use the AC785 with an active SIM card which can be purchased from a mobile operator in your country. Data plan fees apply, and are sold directly by the mobile operator.	0
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the extender. i cannot access the extender anymore. what can i do?	The default IP address is 192.168.5.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default credentials “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the extender. i cannot access the extender anymore. what can i do?	NETGEAR Beamforming+ includes standard based Beamforming implementation as defined by the current 802.11ac standard, the + refers to NETGEAR's implementation of driver level improvements done for improved Wi-Fi performance and range.	0
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the extender. i cannot access the extender anymore. what can i do?	The EVA8000 is not designed to drive simultaneous outputs.	0
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the extender. i cannot access the extender anymore. what can i do?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	0
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the wn3500rp. i cannot access the wn3500rp any more. what can i do?	The WN3500RP cannot check to see if the WEP passphrase is correct. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless device is not able to get the IP address from the WN3500RP. You must reset the WN3500RP to the factory defaults to get the IP address back.	1
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the wn3500rp. i cannot access the wn3500rp any more. what can i do?	WNDA3100 is in the process of applying the DFS (Dynamic Frequency Selection) certification at various regions worldwide. At this time, please configure your 5GHz router running at non-DFS channels. The non-DFS channels for US are channel 36-48 and 149-161. The non-DFS channels for Europe are channel 36 to channel 48.	0
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the wn3500rp. i cannot access the wn3500rp any more. what can i do?	By default, the R7300 router and DST6501 use the same DST encryption key, so they can automatically connect. Log into the router to update the DST adapter settings.	0
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the wn3500rp. i cannot access the wn3500rp any more. what can i do?	"Yes, use the ""change what closing the lid does"" behavior in the power options control panel setting to ""do nothing""."	0
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the wn3500rp. i cannot access the wn3500rp any more. what can i do?	Not at this time.	0
My router security is wep, and i entered the wrong passphrase or security key on the wn3500rp. i cannot access the wn3500rp any more. what can i do?	Yes, the PL1000 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
My router security is wep, can i use wps method to connect my range extender to my router network?	WPS supports WPA/WPA2 security, if your Router is using WEP security you will need to walk through the Extender Genie setup.	1
My router security is wep, can i use wps method to connect my range extender to my router network?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
My router security is wep, can i use wps method to connect my range extender to my router network?	The R8500 has three sets of antennas. For the 2.4GHz band, the antennas are 2 dbi. The external 5GHz antennas are 1 dbi while the internal 5GHz antennas are 3 dbi.	0
My router security is wep, can i use wps method to connect my range extender to my router network?	XCM89P daughter card supports PoE (802.3af) and PoE+ (802.3at).	0
My router security is wep, can i use wps method to connect my range extender to my router network?	This depends on the memory available on the router. For example, if you have other features enabled like address reservation, firewall rules, it will add up to the capacity on how many entries you can do for port forwarding.	0
My router security is wep, can i use wps method to connect my range extender to my router network?	The Restore Factory Settings button is located on the bottom of the unit.While the adapter is turned on and wait until the LED turns amber and the TV screen shows “Ready for Connection”, tap the Restore Factory Settings button.To step through the language selections, tap the Restore Factory Settings button for less than 0.5 seconds.To go back to the previous language selection, press the Restore Factory Settings button for more than 0.5 second and less than 5 seconds.When the correct language is displayed, release the Restore Factory Settings button.	0
My wlan led color is always red. what can i do?	* Don’t hide your WNCE2001 device at the back of your TV or back of the entertainment center. Move it out to get better performance.	1
My wlan led color is always red. what can i do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
My wlan led color is always red. what can i do?	Please see the table below for details:	0
My wlan led color is always red. what can i do?	8K.	0
My wlan led color is always red. what can i do?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
My wlan led color is always red. what can i do?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
My wnr2000 router is not responding and the power led is blinking slowly, what should i do?	The power LED blinking, indicates your router has corrupted firmware. There is a router firmware recovery utility in the router Resource CD. Please run the CD on a PC that is connected to the router (it is OK and normal for your PC NOT to receive an IP address as the router software is corrupted), select “Supporting Software”, and run “NETGEAR Firmware Recovery Utility”. This utility should be able to recover your router in approximately 15 minutes. Please do not unplug or disconnect anything during the recovery process.	1
My wnr2000 router is not responding and the power led is blinking slowly, what should i do?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
My wnr2000 router is not responding and the power led is blinking slowly, what should i do?	WNDA4100 can support 802.1x setting, WPA-enterprise and WPA2-enterprise. User must use Microsoft Wireless Auto Config tool (Or Wireless Zero Config tool in XP) to select the credential. Adapter genie doesn’t provide GUI page for user to select credential.	0
My wnr2000 router is not responding and the power led is blinking slowly, what should i do?	[Can I attach a USB 2.0 Hub to ReadyNAS USB Port?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21524)	0
My wnr2000 router is not responding and the power led is blinking slowly, what should i do?	DGND3800B not only come integrated with the DSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
My wnr2000 router is not responding and the power led is blinking slowly, what should i do?	OpenVPN is the same as VPN passthrough. No configuration is needed on the router to setup VPN. This requires VPN client software to setup connection.	0
N450 cannot detect my usb drive, what can i do?	Ensure the USB drive is formatted to one of the following supported file system types: ext2/ext3/ext4/FAT/FAT32/NTFS/HFS/HFS+. The USB HDD can be accessed by entering the IP address \\192.168.0.5 in the Windows explorer. The USB Hard Drive will show up as ‘storage0’ (The second USB will show up as ‘storage1’).	1
N450 cannot detect my usb drive, what can i do?	The highest performance is up to 450 Mbps theoretically.	0
N450 cannot detect my usb drive, what can i do?	[How do I add disks to an existing X-RAID volume?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21442)	0
N450 cannot detect my usb drive, what can i do?	The Reset button is on the bottom of the unit. Use a paper clip to press and hold the  RESET button for 10 seconds.	0
N450 cannot detect my usb drive, what can i do?	The WNDAP350 will work with the existing 802.3af PoE infrastructure, so no new, non-standard equipment needs to be deployed.	0
N450 cannot detect my usb drive, what can i do?	"Please login to the Genie GUI first, then select ""ADVANCED"" tab, then click ""Administration"", ""Set Password"" menu. After entering in the new password, please click the ""Apply"" button for it to take effect."	0
Netgear genie keeps asking me for my wireless password, and i am sure i have entered the correct wireless password. what can i do?	It is likely that the extender is placed at the borderline of the range covered by the router. To resolve this, follow the instructions in Getting Started on page 6. If you are using WEP security, make sure that you are typing the wireless key in the correct field.	1
Netgear genie keeps asking me for my wireless password, and i am sure i have entered the correct wireless password. what can i do?	These are the information that we can give about this extender:	0
Netgear genie keeps asking me for my wireless password, and i am sure i have entered the correct wireless password. what can i do?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline AV utility.	0
Netgear genie keeps asking me for my wireless password, and i am sure i have entered the correct wireless password. what can i do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Netgear genie keeps asking me for my wireless password, and i am sure i have entered the correct wireless password. what can i do?	The WNA3100M is a WiFi 11n 2.0 certified product, and it’s following the new WiFi regulations. On the new regulations, you can only achieve up to 54 Mbps when WPA (TKIP) security mode is set. Please set the security mode to WPA2 or WPA/WPA2 mixed mode in your wireless router and WNA3100M to gain 802.11n mode connection speed.	0
Netgear genie keeps asking me for my wireless password, and i am sure i have entered the correct wireless password. what can i do?	To troubleshoot problems with extender log in, see [I can’t access www.mywifiext.net; what do I do?](https://kb.netgear.com/29746/I-can-t-access-www-mywifiext-net-what-do-I-do).	0
Netgear utility does not show up in the system tray?	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	1
Netgear utility does not show up in the system tray?	The AirCard Smart Cradle is compatible with AirCard 790S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced II), AirCard 785S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra Pre-Paid 4G My Pocket Wi-Fi Ultimate), AirCard 782S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced), and any Future NETGEAR AirCard Mobile Hotspots.	0
Netgear utility does not show up in the system tray?	AC329U supports up to 21.6Mbps @ Downlink and 5.76Mbps @ uplink. The detail spec as shown below: HSPA+ (21 Mbps), HSUPA (5.76 Mbps), UMTS (384 Kbps), EDGE (237 Kbps), GPRS (85.6 Kbps)	0
Netgear utility does not show up in the system tray?	Yes, however, it will not pass the data via the USB cable, only charge. Also, typically a PC USB port will not provide sufficient charge to get full functionality of the cradle, so it is not recommended.	0
Netgear utility does not show up in the system tray?	VDSL is Very high bit-rate DSL and is compliant with ITU G.993.1 (VDSL) and G.993.2 (VDSL2). The maximum Downstream/Upstream speed for VDSL2 is 100Mbps/100Mbps. ADSL is Asymmetric DSL which is compliant with G.992.x and has a slower and asymmetric maximum Downstream/Upstream speed of 24Mbps/1Mbps.	0
Netgear utility does not show up in the system tray?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
No picture is shown on my tv	1. Verify that the NTV550 unit is powered on. Note that after plugging in the unit, the unit remains off until you press the Power button on the front of the unit, right side.	1
No picture is shown on my tv	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 150Mbps” at 2.4GHz.	0
No picture is shown on my tv	When you set up your router and are connected to the Internet, the router automatically checks for you to see if newer firmware is available. In addition, the router supports automatic firmware upgrades. The router checks for updated firmware and alerts you if an update is available.	0
No picture is shown on my tv	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
No picture is shown on my tv	The  PL1000 connects to your router and then plugs directly into the wall to inject the internet connection into the powerline.	0
No picture is shown on my tv	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select  'ADVANCED' tab, then click  'ADMINISTRATION', followed by  'SET PASSWORD' option. After the new password has been entered, please click the  'APPLY' button for it to take effect.	0
"Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or ethernet connection only."	1. Write down all the settings which you changed from the default values, since you may need to reenter them manually.	1
"Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or ethernet connection only."	Current online sources are internet radio, YouTube and Flickr.	0
"Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or ethernet connection only."	* Manually power off or configure to use a smaller Wi-Fi range within the advanced settings.	0
"Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or ethernet connection only."	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
"Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or ethernet connection only."	You keep your existing wireless router or gateway as is, with no need to change your current settings. You simply plug one of the WNHDE111 to the existing router/gateway and you now have a Wireless-N 5 GHz network established. You still have your existing G network at 2.4 GHz frequency for normal data and voice while using the 5 GHz Wireless-N for faster and high bandwidth demanding applications like video streaming and online gaming.	0
"Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or ethernet connection only."	WEP and WPA-PSK [TKIP] (for 54Mbps only)	0
Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with “wired” or ethernet connection only.	1. Write down all the settings which you changed from the default values, since you may need to reenter them manually.	1
Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with “wired” or ethernet connection only.	Retail: Best Buy, Frys, Staples, Office Depot	0
Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with “wired” or ethernet connection only.	This button is for user to reset all of the settings back to factory defaults.	0
Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with “wired” or ethernet connection only.	The Reset button is on the bottom of the unit. Use a paper clip to press and hold the  RESET button for 10 seconds.	0
Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with “wired” or ethernet connection only.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Note: do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. please perform firmware upgrade with “wired” or ethernet connection only.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Ntv bluray media is not playing	1. NTV550 supports Bluray profiles 1.1 and 2.0. Profile 2.0 is required to access BD Live functions, and requires attached storage of at least 1GB. The storage can be on an attached USB or eSATA device. Select a location for the attached storage in Settings -> Audio/Video -> Bluray options. If no location has been set, profile 1.1 is used.	1
Ntv bluray media is not playing	7 smart internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	0
Ntv bluray media is not playing	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
Ntv bluray media is not playing	Additional info and utility can be found at [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
Ntv bluray media is not playing	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Ntv bluray media is not playing	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Ntv550 is not finding media on my network	1. NTV550 can access media from CIFS (Windows file shares), Samba, NFS, and DLNA/UPNP. NFS (available on most NAS type devices) typically offers the best performance, followed by CIFS/SMB. Note that to access DVD or Bluray media, or to play media with associated external subtitles, you will need to use NFS/CIFS/Samba, not DLNA/UPNP.	1
Ntv550 is not finding media on my network	One bottleneck of network traffic can be when both ports on the Powerline are streaming data at the same time. The XAV2602 is designed to have two Ethernet ports: One Video port and one Data port for users to connect more network devices. That means you could utilize both ports at the same time and create heavy load traffic to the Powerline network. In that case, some packets could be dropped due to the limitation of the Powerline bandwidth. Therefore, the XAV2602 supports Port-based QoS mechanism that helps you prioritize the traffic going through the Video and Data ports at the same time. NETGEAR recommends that you connect the network devices that generate high priority traffic to the Video port. For instance, you could connect your multimedia server, router, and network-attached storage device to the Video port. It will guarantee the media streaming traffic passing through the Powerline network gets a higher priority than the traffic coming through the Data port. On the other hand, you could connect your PC to the Data port of XAV2602, as your PC does not generate heavy load traffic to the Powerline network.	0
Ntv550 is not finding media on my network	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5501 Configuration utility.	0
Ntv550 is not finding media on my network	8K.	0
Ntv550 is not finding media on my network	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Ntv550 is not finding media on my network	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole on the back panel of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and when you see all four left LEDs (looking from front) start to blinking at the same time, release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	0
On the eva8000, is everything upconverted when choosing a 1080i or p output?	Yes.	1
On the eva8000, is everything upconverted when choosing a 1080i or p output?	For assistance in finding or changing your wireless network password, see [Find or change the Wi-Fi password for your NETGEAR router](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23439)	0
On the eva8000, is everything upconverted when choosing a 1080i or p output?	"The Night Vision Camera uses the same batteries as all other VueZone cameras - ""photo 123 batteries."""	0
On the eva8000, is everything upconverted when choosing a 1080i or p output?	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
On the eva8000, is everything upconverted when choosing a 1080i or p output?	1. Download the zipped firmware	0
On the eva8000, is everything upconverted when choosing a 1080i or p output?	FS105 is an unmanaged switch with five 10/100Mbps ports in a metal case and v3 means Version 3.	0
On the eva8000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac and a few other container / tag formats.	1
On the eva8000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
On the eva8000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	Push-N-Connect is a feature which makes it very simple to connect wireless devices (notebooks, desktops, etc.) to a secure wireless network without needing to remember security pass phrases, or security method (WEP, WPA-PSK, WPA2). The user only needs to select the wireless network that they want to connect to, and then press the Push-N-Connect button on the router. Push-N-Connect does the rest. Push-N-Connect must be supported on the router and each wireless device in order to take advantage of this feature. Push-N-Connect is based on the WiFi Protected Setup (WPS) standard.	0
On the eva8000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	See quick installation guide.	0
On the eva8000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
On the eva8000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	An electronic license will mean that there is no printed license key card included with the ProSECURE product. It is entirely electronic and means that the serial number of the product will be tied to a license on the NETGEAR licensing servers.	0
On the eva8000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	The USB connection only works with USB Storage devices that DO NOT have an internal USB hub. The file formats recognized are FAT, FAT32, NTFS, Mac OS X (HFS+, not older HFS), and ext2/3 formatted drives.	1
On the eva8000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
On the eva8000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	The table below describes the Test LED (the second LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	0
On the eva8000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses two dipole antennas mounted inside the router case. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments; users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
On the eva8000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	After you reset the C6300 to factory default settings, any previous changes you have made in GUI will no longer be there. The unit has return back to original factory default values.	0
On the eva8000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	The factory reset button is located next to the Ethernet port of the CMD31T. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 5-10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
On the eva9000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac, mkv and a few other container / tag formats. For containers without native tag support a separate .TAG file can be created which contains an ID3 format tag for the corresponding file.	1
On the eva9000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	D6400 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
On the eva9000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	* Enables you to take advantage of Gigabit Wi-Fi speeds on current devices.	0
On the eva9000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	The D3600/D6000 devices have the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wired and/or WiFi connection.	0
On the eva9000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
On the eva9000, is there cover art support for both video and audio files? what about text descriptions for the files and how are they presented in the user interface?	"It is considered ""best practice"" to make a current backup of any and all critical/important data prior to performing any firmware update."	0
On the eva9000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	The USB connection only works with USB Storage devices that DO NOT have an internal USB hub. The file formats recognized are FAT, FAT32, NTFS, MacOS X (HFS+, not older HFS), and ext2/3 formatted drives.	1
On the eva9000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	"* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Restore Factory Settings"" button located on the rear panel of the router for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber."	0
On the eva9000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	WN802T-200 has reduced the size of the access point and changed the color of the case from white to black. The features provided are the same, but there is an improved user interface (GUI) for cleaner navigation of the features.	0
On the eva9000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
On the eva9000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	A factory reset can be done by holding the hardware reset button for over 2 seconds or alternatively using the software “Factory Reset” button via Netgear Genie or via WebGUI.	0
On the eva9000, what are the limitations to the devices that can be recognized by the usb connector?	With multiple SSID, you can set up more than one wireless network in your home and by controlling the access to each network, you can assure that your personal PC and private networked information are kept in a private network while your guests can enjoy the freedom of wireless Internet access in your home.	0
On which frequencies does the xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter operate?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard. The frequencies used by XE103 85Mbps Wall-Plugged Ethernet Adapter are in the range of 4.3MHz to 20.9MHz.	1
On which frequencies does the xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter operate?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, SSID and strong Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) data encryption/authentication is automatically configured.	0
On which frequencies does the xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter operate?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
On which frequencies does the xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter operate?	2dBi.	0
On which frequencies does the xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter operate?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold today by NETGEAR today -- Homeplug 1.0 (including the XE102G, XE102, WGXB102, WGX102);	0
On which frequencies does the xe103 85mbps wall-plugged ethernet adapter operate?	The DGND3700 does not have debug functions and there is no way of accessing it via command line.	0
Only one video/song/photo plays when i select it, how do i play the entire list?	To play all the files in a list, press the PLAY/PAUSE button on the remote control. Pressing the OK button will only play the selected file.	1
Only one video/song/photo plays when i select it, how do i play the entire list?	Yes, the WNR2200 have this feature.	0
Only one video/song/photo plays when i select it, how do i play the entire list?	Do NOT power off or reboot the router during the firmware update, otherwise it may corrupt the firmware and render the router inoperable.	0
Only one video/song/photo plays when i select it, how do i play the entire list?	a. Yes, the STMxxxM (Software Maintenance & Upgrades, 24/7 Support, & Advanced Replacement Subscription) is an integral part of the NETGEAR ProSECURE experience and includes:	0
Only one video/song/photo plays when i select it, how do i play the entire list?	No, the PL1200 does not support QoS.	0
Only one video/song/photo plays when i select it, how do i play the entire list?	Please try the following steps:	0
Options for browsing media from ntv550	1. For fastest media browsing, add media locations on your network to the NTV550 library. Media locations that you’ve added to the library are automatically scanned for media and categorized. Once media has been categorized, you can browse it instantly from the Video, Music, and Photos menus by selecting “Browse Categories”, “Browse all NNN videos/songs”, or “Browse recently added”. You can narrow down your selections by any of the available categories, including Artist, Cast, Director, Rating, Year, Duration, etc.	1
Options for browsing media from ntv550	Additional info and utility can be found at [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
Options for browsing media from ntv550	Yes, your cable TV line can carry the TV signal while you send and receive information on the Internet.	0
Options for browsing media from ntv550	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Options for browsing media from ntv550	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Options for browsing media from ntv550	Yes, the C6300 supports OpenDNS Live Parental Controls (LPC).	0
Performance:	[How do I improve write speeds of USB External Drive attached to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21446)	1
Performance:	802.11n introduced the concept of channel bonding, which effective uses 2 channels to transmit and receive instead of one channels there by using 40 MHz wide channels instead of the traditional 20Mhz wide channels. This increases the maximum predictable capacity from 802.11n devices. Channel width should be selected according to your deployed network.	0
Performance:	The router boosts Wi-Fi speeds on 2.4GHz with support for 256 QAM. 256 QAM is a specific mode supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more Wi-Fi clients with the 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure when you connect to the 2.4GHz band with 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
Performance:	"The R7900 is currently in AP mode. This is normal behavior. If you want to put the R7900 to router mode, please go ahead and perform a factory reset on the device. Once you go through the installation process again, please make sure to select ""No"" if you see the screen below and continue with setup."	0
Performance:	The XAV101v2 does not support 10/100 M half mode. Please do not set your Ethernet NIC cards to either 10M half mode or 100M half mode.	0
Performance:	Once you successfully connect to the WiFi Booster from a computer that is outside the range of your existing router and log into  WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, the Smart Wizard will guide you through the process to connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router. If the Link Rate is red or the Smart Wizard simply cannot connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router, please move the WiFi Booster closer to the existing router or to a different spot where it provides a better line of sight. As you are moving the WiFi Booster, continue to check the Link Rate and the PC to WiFi Booster Connection LEDs on the front panel until you find a location where either one of the conditions in Question 1 is met. Note that you may have to unplug the WiFi Booster as you move it to a different location. If so, from the new location, power up the WiFi Booster and continue to check the LEDs.	0
Permissions	* [Set Network Access Rights to Shared Folders](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26453)	1
Permissions	You can leave the NETGEAR router on all the time. There is no need to turn the router off.	0
Permissions	* The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If the power LED lights amber and blinks, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
Permissions	Yes, the WNR2000v5 supports WPS. You can use the hardware button located in front or use the WPS using the wizard on the NETGEAR genie.	0
Permissions	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Permissions	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘diagnostics” to get what you need.	0
Point?	Currently, WNHD3004 bridge can only connect to WNHD3004 access point so it’s not supported. We	1
Point?	One possible cause is the TV and the EVA9000 are on two different ground planes, which can cause the hissing sound through the speakers. To correct this purchase a power strip with a surge suppressor and plug both the TV and the EVA9000 into this strip. Both devices will now be using the same ground plane and the hissing or buzzing should go away.	0
Point?	No. You don't need to change anything on your router. WN31000RP does not use WPS protocol to connect to your router. If your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it, please follow the FAQ 13 to complete the installation.	0
Point?	Unfortunately, the WNR2000v4 does not support jumbo frames.	0
Point?	Use Intel Wireless Display to check the wireless connection and reconnect to the Push2TV adapter if necessary.If the situation continues, try moving your laptop closer to the Push2TV adapter or place it in a location with a clear line of sight to the Push2TV adapter. Changing the channel of your WiFi router may also help.	0
Point?	The ReadyNAS OS 6 device protects user data by scanning all files as they are written to the NAS. This includes scanning for virus, malware, and Trojans. The user does not need to subscribe or pay an additional fee for this feature. All the user needs to do is enable it in the System - Settings page.	0
Pre-sales:	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	1
Pre-sales:	Launch the Wireless Configuration Utility by clicking on the icon in your OS notifications area. Select your network and click Connect.	0
Pre-sales:	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Pre-sales:	Yes. RDD516 can boot into special boot mode by press and hold RESET switch. It can also boot from external USB by holding OK for 3 seconds immediately after touch key backlight turns off from full brightness seconds after power on. For more details, check hardware user manual.	0
Pre-sales:	When the upload is complete, your router restarts. The upgrade process typically takes about one minute. Read the new firmware release notes to determine whether you need to reconfigure the router after upgrading.	0
Pre-sales:	password	0
R8300 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	Although the R8300 is a 4x4 Wi-Fi router, there are no 4x4 Wi-Fi clients available on the market yet. However, the throughput improvement on your existing Wi-Fi client can be improved with newer Wi-Fi chipsets and the NETGEAR design active antennas. 4x4 Wi-Fi will also be very useful with MU-MIMO capability.	1
R8300 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	We don’t suggest it but you can use other USB3.0 cable to connect A6210 to your computer. there are something important to highlight that 1. Please don’t use USB2.0 cable. If you use USB2.0 cable, A6210 can’t function as USB3.0 device. 2. Please don’t use too long USB3.0 cable because it will make too large voltage drop to let computer can’t detect A6210.	0
R8300 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	This is a different routing setup which is more of a classical routing. It is recommended to confirm it with the ISP to know what type of device they would support for this kind of setup or you can use one of the business line routers of NETGEAR to compare what device you would need.	0
R8300 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	The maximum WiFi clients supported is 32.	0
R8300 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem products, your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the image to your unit after the cable provider certifies an image release.	0
R8300 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	The USB connection only works with USB Storage devices that DO NOT have an internal USB hub. The file formats recognized are FAT, FAT32, NTFS, Mac OS X (HFS+, not older HFS), and ext2/3 formatted drives.	0
R8500 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	Although the R8500 is a 4x4 Wi-Fi router, there are no 4x4 Wi-Fi clients available on the market yet. However, the throughput improvement on your existing Wi-Fi client can be improved with newer Wi-Fi chipsets and the NETGEAR design active antennas. 4x4 Wi-Fi will also be very useful with MU-MIMO capability.	1
R8500 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
R8500 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
R8500 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
R8500 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	ReadySHARE Cloud creates a secured Internet connection between your tablet/smartphone/PC and the connected USB Storage in your home. Copying and downloading speeds will depend upon your ISP uplink and downlink speeds.	0
R8500 is a 4x4 wi-fi router. how can i get a higher throughput with this router?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Readycloud desktop app	* [How do I backup data from Windows to my ReadyNAS OS 6 system using the ReadyCLOUD client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29776)	1
Readycloud desktop app	During the installation via the Web genie, the R6400 looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alerts when the new firmware is available.	0
Readycloud desktop app	Port-based QOS, a unique feature of the XAV1004 and XAVB1004, allows a user to prioritize specific applications by simply plugging a device into a color-coded port on the back of the product. This way, a user can ensure that his gaming console or HD movies always receive unconstrained bandwidth, even when other devices are attempting to transmit data over the shared powerline networking.	0
Readycloud desktop app	Yes.	0
Readycloud desktop app	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select  'ADVANCED' tab, then click  'ADMINISTRATION', followed by  'SET PASSWORD' option. After the new password has been entered, please click the  'APPLY' button for it to take effect.	0
Readycloud desktop app	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only music files are supported.	0
Readydr	* [ReadyDR FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/31224)	1
Readydr	The Powerline LED is used you to select the best performing outlet in the room by reading the Powerline LED color to achieve maximum performance.	0
Readydr	The GS316 has a 3 year warranty. In China and India a 1 year warranty applies.	0
Readydr	The Powerline adapter can only be awoken by a device that is connected to its Ethernet port, not via the power outlet. So, if the Powerline adapter is asleep, it can't pass data to the printer (or NAS), only FROM the printer..	0
Readydr	J9099B          100BASE-BX10-D  HP® X112 100M SFP LC BX-D Transceiver Yes                 No	0
Readydr	NETGEAR WNR2000v2 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	0
Readynas vault	* [How do I create a ReadyNAS Vault Account?](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208283016-Register-for-a-ReadyNAS-Vault-Account)	1
Readynas vault	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
Readynas vault	To troubleshoot problems with extender log in, see [I can’t access www.mywifiext.net; what do I do?](https://kb.netgear.com/29746/I-can-t-access-www-mywifiext-net-what-do-I-do).	0
Readynas vault	 STEP 1: Physically connect the USB hard drive to your Mac.	0
Readynas vault	a. Virus and spam definitions are constantly updated by NETGEAR ProSECURE Labs employees and your appliance will update itself on an hourly basis by default.	0
Readynas vault	The Powerline adapter can only be awoken by a device that is connected to its Ethernet port, not via the power outlet. So, if the Powerline adapter is asleep, it can't pass data to the printer (or NAS), only FROM the printer..	0
Readyshare cloud service says it's free until january 2013. how much will the fee be after jan. 2013?	NETGEAR has not finalized on how much the service fee would be. It there will ever be a fee, it would be about $4.99.	1
Readyshare cloud service says it's free until january 2013. how much will the fee be after jan. 2013?	WNDA4100 supports both 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless signal. The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
Readyshare cloud service says it's free until january 2013. how much will the fee be after jan. 2013?	If you use 802.11ac wireless devices to connect to R6220, the maximum connection link rate is 867Mbps. To take full advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	0
Readyshare cloud service says it's free until january 2013. how much will the fee be after jan. 2013?	NETGEAR offers Live Parental Controls software; a free program that provides a flexible way to monitor and restrict access to undesirable content on the Internet. Live Parental Controls is a feature rich program supported by OpenDNS the leading provider of security and infrastructure services that make the Internet safer through integrated Web content filtering, anti-phishing and DNS.	0
Readyshare cloud service says it's free until january 2013. how much will the fee be after jan. 2013?	There is a USB port on the back side of R6250; it's a USB 3.0 port. You could use the USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready SHARE printer. The USB 3.0 read/write speed is 2-3 times faster than USB2.0 port.	0
Readyshare cloud service says it's free until january 2013. how much will the fee be after jan. 2013?	* On Mac OS X (version 10.2 or later), enter smb://readyshare in the address bar.	0
Recovery tools	* [RAIDiator 4.1: USB Recovery Tool](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21400)	1
Recovery tools	* Make sure your PC is set to obtain IP address automatically (or DHCP).	0
Recovery tools	Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Internet LED turns to blinking amber. Release the Restore Factory Settings button, and wait for the router to reboot. The factory default settings are restored so that you can access the router from your Web browser using the factory defaults.	0
Recovery tools	The router has two USB ports. The USB 3.0 port is located on the front panel of the router. The USB 2.0 port is located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as USB printers. Use the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 compatible hard drives.	0
Recovery tools	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Recovery tools	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
Related articles:	* [Enabling Ethernet port aggregation on R8500](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29910)	1
Related articles:	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	0
Related articles:	The C3000/C3700 currently has VPN passthrough as disabled. This will be enabled in a future firmware release. However, we do have a hotfix that you can try to enable VPN passthrough. Please click [VPN pass-through Hotfix](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26099) for more information.	0
Related articles:	You can use a USB External Hard Drives for ReadySHARE feature.	0
Related articles:	This button is for user to reset all of the settings back to factory defaults.	0
Related articles:	The max loading power consumption of XAV101v2 is less than 4 Watts.	0
Remote access over wan:	[How can I setup my ReadyNAS for FTP access over the Internet?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21480)	1
Remote access over wan:	If the client device has connected to router directly, the extender setup URL is not accessible. Please connect your client device to the extender directly and enter Extender setup URL again.	0
Remote access over wan:	No. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can only be used to connect the PC to the WiFi Booster. See more instructions below.	0
Remote access over wan:	By default it supports up to 20 users, each assigned a unique IP address, on a Class C network.	0
Remote access over wan:	Yes, the XAVB6504 defaults support TOS QoS.	0
Remote access over wan:	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
Remote control usage:	"The remote control button usage depends on the channel you are viewing. UP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT/OK and ""HOME"" buttons are the common remote control buttons. The red/green/yellow/blue remote control buttons are used by VUDU, Napster, firmware upgrade notifications and network configuration. Please follow the on screen notes to use those buttons."	1
Remote control usage:	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the EX6200 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
Remote control usage:	The D7800 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
Remote control usage:	Please login into the genie GUI first, then select “ADVANCED” tab, then click “Administration”, followed by “Set Password”. After the new password has been entered, please click the “Apply” button to save it.	0
Remote control usage:	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
Remote control usage:	GSS108E and GS116E support loop detection. When a loop is detected, both left and right LED on the affected port will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second.	0
Resetting to factory defaults:	Hardware reset: Push the reset button on the back of the router for 15 seconds.	1
Resetting to factory defaults:	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Resetting to factory defaults:	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in on NETGEAR’s WNDR3300 which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port.	0
Resetting to factory defaults:	It means the power supply is not enough or link quality is poor.	0
Resetting to factory defaults:	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2 MHz to 86 MHz.	0
Resetting to factory defaults:	The frequencies used by XAVB5501 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	0
Rn3138  rn3130                rn2120	 CPU TYPE             Intel Atom SOC   Intel Atom SOC                 Marvell ARM SOC	1
Rn3138  rn3130                rn2120	OpenVPN is the same as VPN passthrough. No configuration needed on the router to setup the VPN. This requires VPN client software to setup the connection.	0
Rn3138  rn3130                rn2120	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change, SSID, WPA Keys, etc.) will be reset to original factory default values.	0
Rn3138  rn3130                rn2120	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only music files are supported.	0
Rn3138  rn3130                rn2120	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Rn3138  rn3130                rn2120	Yes, your cable TV line can carry the TV signal while you send and receive information on the Internet.	0
Securing the powerline network:	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XAU2511 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	1
Securing the powerline network:	NETGEAR genie 2.4.16 or later, for Windows.	0
Securing the powerline network:	M6100 I/O blades provide two serial ports:	0
Securing the powerline network:	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Securing the powerline network:	Many factors will affect the ability to make out specific details such as facial features - chief among them, how close to the camera the subject is and how fast the subject is moving. VueZone cameras are not high definition.	0
Securing the powerline network:	WNDR3400v3 supports the following wireless securities:	0
Services:	[How and when do I use the Advanced Options tab?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21456)	1
Services:	Aim the remote at the front of the NeoTV 350.	0
Services:	Cable gateways offer Internet access at speeds up to 100 times faster than a traditional phone modem. You can experience speeds of over 1,000 Kbps. Due to network condition such as traffic volume and the speed of the sites you visit, actual speed may vary. Many network and other factors can affect download speeds. Please check with service provider to check for actual speed offered.	0
Services:	Enter [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://www.routerlogin.net](http://www.routerlogin.net) in the address field of your web browser.	0
Services:	NETGEAR genie 2.4.16 or later, for Windows.	0
Services:	No, while receiving SMS messages is supported, this device does not support sending SMS messages.	0
Share access and permissions:	[How can I disable private home shares?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21457)	1
Share access and permissions:	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Share access and permissions:	The DM200 is compatible with ADSL, ADSL2, ADSL2+, VDSL and VDSL2 connection types. Furthermore, the DM200 can be configured in both Bridge (Modem Only) mode and router mode.	0
Share access and permissions:	Unfortunately, the problem is with the HipServ application and this error has nothing to do with the Stora.	0
Share access and permissions:	a. Make sure enable the email services as required in Email Security/Policy TAB (STMP, POP3 & IMAP)	0
Share access and permissions:	No, it supports both 1G and 10Gbps	0
Shares	* [Create a Shared Folder](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26488)	1
Shares	For each XAV101v2 devices, press and hold its Security button between 2 to 4 seconds until the LED starts to blink.	0
Shares	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input)	0
Shares	For this to work, the PC must be directly connected to one of the 4 Ethernet ports on the	0
Shares	WMC will not serve AAC files. You need to use something like the Viiv media server or Twonkyvision.	0
Shares	This is due to a recent update done on Microsoft Internet Explorer Windows 8.1 IE 11 ( path 11.0.10 , KB2962872 - 2014/7/8). We are working on a fix and the official firmware update will be released next week..	0
Sharing	* [ReadyCLOUD Permissions](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24927)	1
Sharing	ReadySHARE USB Storage Access allows you to share the content of a hard disk or memory stick connected to the XAU2511 USB port across your home network.	0
Sharing	No support for DFS channels as this product is for North American customers only.	0
Sharing	It’s an upgrade to unmanaged switch which can only Plug-N-Play, and is not configurable. ProSAFE Plus switch gives user the flexibility to configure certain static layer 2 settings to better fit their needs.	0
Sharing	The antenna design is best for A6210 while it opens with 90o when directly plugged into computer or 158 o with cradle. This can have the best performance.	0
Sharing	The power consumption of XAVB5602 is 2.0 Watts in 110V AC and 2.3 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Should i fill my volume to 100 percent?	NETGEAR recommends that you leave 20% of the volume free, since the free space is used for snapshots and file system metadata.	1
Should i fill my volume to 100 percent?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Should i fill my volume to 100 percent?	"If after repositioning the WN3100RP, one of the Arrow LED is still blinking, then it means you did not succeed to position the Extender in an ""ideal"" location where it would give the best performance."	0
Should i fill my volume to 100 percent?	This is a current limitation and we'll release future firmware to make it work. On the other	0
Should i fill my volume to 100 percent?	"1. Locate the ""Reset"" button on the rear panel of the modem."	0
Should i fill my volume to 100 percent?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Should i pick a vdsl or adsl modem router?	The choice is usually determined by your local telecommunication service provider. By choosing different programs offered by your service provider, an ADSL or a VDSL line is provided to you. Typically, programs with higher speeds than 25Mbps use VDSL.	1
Should i pick a vdsl or adsl modem router?	i. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the  RESTORE FACTORY SETTINGS button, located on the bottom of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Should i pick a vdsl or adsl modem router?	Yes, the R6400 needs to rescan all of the music files when HDD is plugged back in.	0
Should i pick a vdsl or adsl modem router?	For each XAV101v2 devices, press and hold its Security button between 2 to 4 seconds until the LED starts to blink.	0
Should i pick a vdsl or adsl modem router?	The R6300 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
Should i pick a vdsl or adsl modem router?	No, currently the EVA doesn't support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
Should i select “up to 145mbps” or “up to 300mbps”?	IEEE 802.11n recommends to use “Up to 145Mbps” as it causes less possible interference to your neighbor’s wireless network. However, if you really need to get higher performance and your wireless clients can support “Up to 300Mbps”, you can set it to “Up to 300Mbps” to get the maximum performance.	1
Should i select “up to 145mbps” or “up to 300mbps”?	No, this is not necessary.	0
Should i select “up to 145mbps” or “up to 300mbps”?	There are three built-in connections in this device, the ADSL port, two Ethernet ports, and the N300 (300Mbps) WiFi. That combination is all one needs to get Internet connection via a DSL service, and share that Internet connection with multiple WiFi devices, such as notebook computers, Smartphones, tablets, etc. The Ethernet connector is for devices that do not have built-in WiFi but still need to get on to the Internet.	0
Should i select “up to 145mbps” or “up to 300mbps”?	Traditional wireless networks (802.11b, 802.11g) use the 2.4 GHz frequency. However this frequency is very crowded as many devices in a typical home use it including Bluetooth, microwave ovens, some cordless phones, and baby monitors. This problem of crowded frequencies is compounded now that WiFi has become very popular, as many neighboring homes / apartments will also have WiFi on 2.4 GHz. The result is slow / inconsistent connections and shared bandwidth. This is particularly a problem when attempted high end applications such as Video Streaming. The 5 GHz frequency is much cleaner, with far less devices using it. And there are much more “channels” to choose from on 5 GHz, so even if many neighbors use 5 GHz, it is very easy to find a channel that no-one is using, and therefore has no interference. NETGEAR’s Dual Band technology uses both 2.4 GHz for backwards compatibility and 5 GHz for low interference networking.	0
Should i select “up to 145mbps” or “up to 300mbps”?	1. NTV550 supports a variety of parental controls. To activate parental controls, go to Settings -> Parental controls, and set the Supervisor PIN. Once the PIN is set, the parental controls you can configure on this page are active. Note that the PIN is also required for accessing the settings.	0
Should i select “up to 145mbps” or “up to 300mbps”?	The power consumption of XAV5601 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 4.5 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Should i update the firmware on my ex7300/ex6400?	We suggest you always use the latest firmware available. The newest firmware has the most up to date features and will be the most stable version available.	1
Should i update the firmware on my ex7300/ex6400?	The XAVB6504 has not a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware.	0
Should i update the firmware on my ex7300/ex6400?	No support for DFS channels as this product is for North American customers only.	0
Should i update the firmware on my ex7300/ex6400?	Yes. R6300 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
Should i update the firmware on my ex7300/ex6400?	There is no option available in the GUI to upgrade firmware for the C3000/C3700. The firmware upgrade is done automatically through your internet service provider. They will push the firmware through their network. No action is needed by the customer.	0
Should i update the firmware on my ex7300/ex6400?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Should the vpn feature still work if i have ipv6 connection?	It should work as long as it is a static IP address. Just make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the Internet, whether it is IPv4 or IPv6. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have the plus or premium account.	1
Should the vpn feature still work if i have ipv6 connection?	This means that you are too far from the client or the router/gateway.	0
Should the vpn feature still work if i have ipv6 connection?	The operational temperature is -5 to 55ºC (23 to 122ºF).	0
Should the vpn feature still work if i have ipv6 connection?	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	0
Should the vpn feature still work if i have ipv6 connection?	Additional info and utility can be found at [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
Should the vpn feature still work if i have ipv6 connection?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
Since the readynas vault transfers data to the cloud, do i need to set up any special port forwarding on the firewall?	ReadyNAS Vault uses the port 443, the standard https port. So, as long as you can browse the web securely, no new ports need to be opened.	1
Since the readynas vault transfers data to the cloud, do i need to set up any special port forwarding on the firewall?	The R8000 is a Tri-Band router but it does not require a Tri-Band adapter. It means it can broadcast three separate frequencies ( one 2.5Ghz and two 5.0GHz) as long the wireless client can detect one or both it will work.	0
Since the readynas vault transfers data to the cloud, do i need to set up any special port forwarding on the firewall?	1. Verify that the NTV550 unit is powered on. Note that after plugging in the unit, the unit remains off until you press the Power button on the front of the unit, right side.	0
Since the readynas vault transfers data to the cloud, do i need to set up any special port forwarding on the firewall?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
Since the readynas vault transfers data to the cloud, do i need to set up any special port forwarding on the firewall?	Yes, the XAVB2101 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
Since the readynas vault transfers data to the cloud, do i need to set up any special port forwarding on the firewall?	You can use a web browser and type the URL: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1/) the login name is “admin” (without the double quotes) and the password is “password” (without the double quotes).	0
Sku        description	 XCM8903SK M6100-44G3-POE+ Starter Kit bundle including M6100-3S base chassis, XCM8944 blade, XCM89P daughter card, AFT603 fan tray, APS1000W power supply	1
Sku        description	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 10 seconds. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
Sku        description	The GPL code is on our GPL page.	0
Sku        description	Dynamic QoS service can only detect your device if Dynamic QoS is enabled, and you are generating traffic on your network devices. You can monitor them through  ATTACHED DEVICES page.	0
Sku        description	In main GUI page, click in ‘settings’ icon and then click on ‘network’ to configure your network type. Before doing so, please make sure your current connection is disconnect; otherwise, the list will be gray out and you won’t be able to edit it until you disconnect the current connection. And without the SIM card inert in the dongle, you will not be able to change the default setting as well (gray-out)	0
Sku        description	One of the units is the PL1000, which connects to your router and then plugs directly into the wall to inject the internet connection into the Powerline. The other unit is the PLW1000 which you plug into any outlet in your home to expand your wireless network. It then creates its own hotspot in that room.	0
Software reset:	1. Type 192.168.1.1 in a Web browser.	1
Software reset:	The DGND3700v2 does not support multiple PVC and/or IGMP.	0
Software reset:	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select  'ADVANCED' tab, then click  'ADMINISTRATION', followed by  'SET PASSWORD' option. After the new password has been entered, please click the  'APPLY' button for it to take effect.	0
Software reset:	Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
Software reset:	Pick a plug is a technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
Software reset:	1. Log in the administration web interface.	0
Some files / songs / videos are not showing up even though others are.	"Check the file permissions for those items and make sure they have ""read"" access allowed for ""Everyone""."	1
Some files / songs / videos are not showing up even though others are.	No, before APS150W is installed into the M4300-28G or M4300-52G power module slot, be sure to disconnect the AC power cord from APS150W.	0
Some files / songs / videos are not showing up even though others are.	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	0
Some files / songs / videos are not showing up even though others are.	a. No, there are no hard limits for any of the NETGEAR ProSECURE security appliances. The suggested user counts are conservative recommendations based on the specific throughput, connection handling, email handling, and client handling specifications of each individual appliance. For more information on appliance sizing for your application see THIS LINK.	0
Some files / songs / videos are not showing up even though others are.	Yes, the XAVB2001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
Some files / songs / videos are not showing up even though others are.	Yes, R6220 supports VLAN/IPTV with firmware version 1.1.0.34 or newer.	0
Some files will not play or cause the system to reset.	The Digital Entertainer HD may not support the audio or video format used in the file. See the User Manual for information on what formats are supported.	1
Some files will not play or cause the system to reset.	You will need to add the MBR1515 to your account and acquire and activate an additional SIM card - just plug it into the SIM slot in the back of the MBR1515	0
Some files will not play or cause the system to reset.	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TV is commended for the best viewing experience.	0
Some files will not play or cause the system to reset.	Additional info can be found at [ReadySHARE](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
Some files will not play or cause the system to reset.	This is still an known issue in firmware v1.0.1.30. It will be fixed in next official release. Please use other DLNA client like Xbox or PS3 to browse WNDR4300 ReadyDLNA service and play files.	0
Some files will not play or cause the system to reset.	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the EX6200 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
Some known issue in cd software for wps pbc in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	There is one known issue in the software that is included in CD v1.0 (software version v1.0.0.18) about WPS PBC. If you use newer version CD or you use software upgrade function, this issue will be solved. The issue description is this : If you have another NETGEAR older products WNA3100 or WNDA3100v2 installed in your computer before, and you install A6200. This will cause A6200 WPS PBC can't work. However, you still can key in passphrase to manually connect to router via genie. The workaround solution is you can uninstall WNA3100 or WNDA3100v2 first and then install A6200 again. This known issue only happens in CD v1.0 and software v1.0.0.18. Newer version doesn't have this issue.	1
Some known issue in cd software for wps pbc in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	NETGEAR recommends using up to 8 power line devices.	0
Some known issue in cd software for wps pbc in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	No, the AC762S does not work without a paid data plan. Data plan and the associated SIM card can be purchased from a mobile operator in your area.	0
Some known issue in cd software for wps pbc in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Some known issue in cd software for wps pbc in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	0
Some known issue in cd software for wps pbc in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web genie. Go to ‘Advanced’ > ‘Setup’ > ‘WAN Setup’ and change the ‘WAN Preference to “Must use Ethernet WAN”, then click ‘Apply’.	0
Some of the movie files on my stora do not play directly from the web interface... why?	The Stora internal web player uses the Adobe Flash framework, which supports the following file extensions: .MOV, .FLV, .MPG (H.264). Files with these extensions will play directly from the web interface.	1
Some of the movie files on my stora do not play directly from the web interface... why?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the most popular applications.	0
Some of the movie files on my stora do not play directly from the web interface... why?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Some of the movie files on my stora do not play directly from the web interface... why?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
Some of the movie files on my stora do not play directly from the web interface... why?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac and a few other container / tag formats.	0
Some of the movie files on my stora do not play directly from the web interface... why?	Any Network Storage device can be connected to the NETGEAR Router's Ethernet port. Just make sure that it is getting a valid IP address from our router so it will be visible from the network. Mapping or accessing the files from the NAS using a computer is beyond NETGEAR's support scope. Please refer to the manufacturer of the NAS for additional assistance.	0
Standby timing:	The NeoTV Streaming Player does not go to standby when the current display is in the channels. The standby/screen saving feature follows individual channel design.	1
Standby timing:	 Yes, the NeoTV Prime uses Google TV, which uses the android platform. For more information on Google TV, you can go to the Google Developers sit at https://developers.google.com/tv/faq .	0
Standby timing:	Status Legend Green=Resolved Fixed in future release	0
Standby timing:	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac, and Linux (not iPhone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
Standby timing:	"In previous NETGEAR Powerline devices: XE102, XE102G, XET1001, they only support 56-bit DES encryption to secure the data. The current NETGEAR HomePlug AV devices* support a stronger security: 128-bit AES encryption to protect the data content transmitted over the Powerline network. In the same Powerline network the same security key is used to encrypt the data transmitted over the Powerline network. By default, NETGEAR sets the ""HomePlugAV"" as the security key out of the factory. NETGEAR recommends you to change the security key by pushing the security button or configuring the security key using the Powerline utility to build your own private and secured Powerline network."	0
Standby timing:	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV101v2 configuration utility. The NETGEAR XAV101v2 configuration utility is posted on XAV101v2 product page.	0
The arrow led are off, is it normal?	If you are connected to a client and to the Router/Gateway, and the Arrow LEDs are not blinking, it means you have correctly positioned the Extender.	1
The arrow led are off, is it normal?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
The arrow led are off, is it normal?	With fimrware v1.0.2.12 and higher, the  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER will now support 15 additional 5GHz channels for interference free operation. As 5GHz gets crowded with more routers, availability of additional channels can greatly improve WiFi performance.	0
The arrow led are off, is it normal?	The NeoTV Streaming Player connects to the Internet through your home network using either a wireless connection or, if you prefer, an Ethernet cable. For wireless connections, the NeoTV Streaming Player follows the Wi-Fi standard and is compatible with 802.11b, 802.11g, and 802.11n networks. The NeoTV Streaming Player also supports wireless security, including WEP, WPA, and WPA2.	0
The arrow led are off, is it normal?	NETGEAR is currently working on a much more feature rich QoS feature which will be available on a later firmware release in early Q1 2015.	0
The arrow led are off, is it normal?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter using Intel WiDi software on your PC, and click  PROPERTIES.	0
The default network type settings is ‘3g preferred’. how can i change the settings (e.g., 2g)?	In main GUI page, click in ‘settings’ icon and then click on ‘network’ to configure your network type. Before doing so, please make sure your current connection is disconnect; otherwise, the list will be gray out and you won’t be able to edit it until you disconnect the current connection. And without the SIM card inert in the dongle, you will not be able to change the default setting as well (gray-out)	1
The default network type settings is ‘3g preferred’. how can i change the settings (e.g., 2g)?	If the PC where the Digital Entertainer for Windows software is running is a member of a Windows domain:	0
The default network type settings is ‘3g preferred’. how can i change the settings (e.g., 2g)?	Make sure that the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the extender and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
The default network type settings is ‘3g preferred’. how can i change the settings (e.g., 2g)?	You can enable the XWN5001 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	0
The default network type settings is ‘3g preferred’. how can i change the settings (e.g., 2g)?	NO! The DST6501 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
The default network type settings is ‘3g preferred’. how can i change the settings (e.g., 2g)?	DGND3700 not only come integrated with the ADSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not find my network.	* For wireless networks, make sure that the Wireless Network Name (SSID) and security settings of the Digital Entertainer HD and media server match exactly.	1
The digital entertainer hd does not find my network.	To meet the demands of today’s—and tomorrow’s—network reality, NETGEAR developed Dynamic QoS. Dynamic Qos gives the Nighthawk X4 the intelligence to deliver quality of service that is both application and device aware.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not find my network.	The WNA3100 is a single band USB adapter that complies with the official 802.11n 2.0 specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz frequency and works with 802.11b/g, and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNA3100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 300Mbps with 11n HT40 supporting wireless routers and access points. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop. You can also use the plastic adapter cradle in the package to extend the wireless range of your adapter and obtain better wireless reception.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not find my network.	With regards to Apple's Time Machine backup function,  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7500 ROUTER only supports NTFS, EXT4, EXT3, EXT2, HFS+ in Journal, HFS+ in non-journal file system. R7800 does not support FAT16, FAT32 file format for Apple Time machine backup at the moment.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not find my network.	If this feature is disabled, it will allow the device to stay in supporting the maximum speed. If it is Enabled, it may reduce the maximum speed of your 2.4GHz to half when the router detected another wireless network in your environment. This will avoid interference with the other networks and to co-exist with other wireless networks.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not find my network.	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not find the server.	* Make sure that the computer and the Digital Entertainer HD are connected to the same network and turned on.	1
The digital entertainer hd does not find the server.	In main GUI page, click in ‘settings’ icon and then click on ‘network’ to configure your network type. Before doing so, please make sure your current connection is disconnect; otherwise, the list will be gray out and you won’t be able to edit it until you disconnect the current connection. And without the SIM card inert in the dongle, you will not be able to change the default setting as well (gray-out)	0
The digital entertainer hd does not find the server.	WNHDB3004 is the highest performing Wireless gear in the market in terms of reliability of streaming 1080P streams over WiFi in a large single family home.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not find the server.	When plugged into a the lower terminal of vertical two socket wall outlet, the PLP1200 may interfere with some, larger plugs. However, almost all 2 prong plugs and many 3 prong plugs will still fit.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not find the server.	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes in amber.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not find the server.	Use this method if you have a wireless router or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
The digital entertainer hd does not respond to the remote control.	* Check the LED on the front panel of the Digital Entertainer HD to make sure the power is on. Make sure the television is turned on. If the LED on the front panel is not on push “power” on the remote and / or make sure the unit is plugged in.	1
The digital entertainer hd does not respond to the remote control.	Only Android and iOS apps are currently available.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not respond to the remote control.	Guest wireless networks are enabled and configured in “Wireless Guest Network” page of GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not respond to the remote control.	XAV101, XAV2001,XAV2501,XAV1004 and XAVN2001 (support wireless).	0
The digital entertainer hd does not respond to the remote control.	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV2501 and XAVB2501 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
The digital entertainer hd does not respond to the remote control.	802.11n introduced the concept of channel bonding, which effective uses 2 channels to transmit and receive instead of one channels there by using 40 MHz wide channels instead of the traditional 20Mhz wide channels. This increases the maximum predictable capacity from 802.11n devices. Channel width should be selected according to your deployed network.	0
The lcd on my at&t unite pro (ac781s) is prompting “to select battery boost time”. what is that and what should i do?	The message is popping up due to an error in how the AT&T Unite Pro (AC781S) is recognizing the cradle. Simply dismiss the message and the device will work exactly as you expect.	1
The lcd on my at&t unite pro (ac781s) is prompting “to select battery boost time”. what is that and what should i do?	Yes, the XAVB5501 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
The lcd on my at&t unite pro (ac781s) is prompting “to select battery boost time”. what is that and what should i do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The newest and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
The lcd on my at&t unite pro (ac781s) is prompting “to select battery boost time”. what is that and what should i do?	To go to POWER OFF(power saving mode), push and hold the Security/Power button for 5 – 10 seconds. Pressing the button again for less than 2 seconds returns it to POWER ON(normal mode).	0
The lcd on my at&t unite pro (ac781s) is prompting “to select battery boost time”. what is that and what should i do?	You can easily setup the feature through the router GUI:	0
The lcd on my at&t unite pro (ac781s) is prompting “to select battery boost time”. what is that and what should i do?	No, the CMD31T does not have wireless capabilities. You will need to connect a wireless router to the CMD31T. This device is a stand-alone cable modem.	0
The lcd screen on my hotspot turned off. can i still access the internet?	Yes, you can still access the Internet if the hotspot’s LCD screen is not lit.The LCD screen goes to sleep if there is no activity on the screen, but the WiFi radio is still active. To wake up the LCD, press and quickly release the Powerbutton.	1
The lcd screen on my hotspot turned off. can i still access the internet?	If your device connected to LAN port is fast Ethernet, 10/100Mbps, you will see green color on LAN port LED.	0
The lcd screen on my hotspot turned off. can i still access the internet?	The ADSL throughput is comparable. The WiFi throughput is comparable, and the number of WiFi devices that can be connected is comparable. The difference is in the number Ethernet ports that are available. Furthermore, the D1500 does not have USB port, as does DGN2200.	0
The lcd screen on my hotspot turned off. can i still access the internet?	You keep your existing wireless router or gateway as is, with no need to change your current settings. You simply plug one of the WNHDE111 to the existing router/gateway and you now have a Wireless-N 5 GHz network established. You still have your existing G network at 2.4 GHz frequency for normal data and voice while using the 5 GHz Wireless-N for faster and high bandwidth demanding applications like video streaming and online gaming.	0
The lcd screen on my hotspot turned off. can i still access the internet?	The DGN3500 has internal antennas adjusted to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
The lcd screen on my hotspot turned off. can i still access the internet?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8’s AutoConfig (XP’s Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation. We know that Avast Free 2014.9.0.2008 will block the installation and you need to stop it before installing A6210. Newer version Avast Free can fix this. If you have problem installing A6210, we suggest you uninstall or stop the antivirus to help trouble shooting first.	0
The power led is blinking, what does that mean?	* If WNHD3004 is set as an AP, that means no WNHD3004 bridge or other wireless client is connected	1
The power led is blinking, what does that mean?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v3. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
The power led is blinking, what does that mean?	Due to security concerns with WDS, the R8500 does not support this feature.	0
The power led is blinking, what does that mean?	It depends on the mode you have selected. The extender is designed to connect wirelessly to the router in “Extender” mode and to connect with an Ethernet cable to the router in “Access Point” (AP) mode.	0
The power led is blinking, what does that mean?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
The power led is blinking, what does that mean?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
The r6900 supports 2.4ghz up to 600mbps, how do i utilize this wireless performance?	R6900 supports 2.4GHz + 256 QAM Wi-Fi. Current market availability does not yet support 256 QAM. When available, R6900 users can take immediate advantage of the speed boost.	1
The r6900 supports 2.4ghz up to 600mbps, how do i utilize this wireless performance?	That means PR2000 does not recognized your USB storage. It may have interoperability issue, or the power source of PR2000 is not enough to provide current to the storage.	0
The r6900 supports 2.4ghz up to 600mbps, how do i utilize this wireless performance?	LTE (Long Term Evolution) is the next generation of wireless which uses an IP (Internet Protocol) based infrastructure. LTE will help enable Wireless Services to continue to meet increasing customer demands for a higher bandwidth, low latency service that works broadly in the United States and globally. Also, a majority of carriers around the world have chosen LTE as their long term direction. This will help Wireless meet consumer demand for mobilizing the many applications consumers frequently use when tethered to high-bandwidth wired networks.	0
The r6900 supports 2.4ghz up to 600mbps, how do i utilize this wireless performance?	The R6300 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
The r6900 supports 2.4ghz up to 600mbps, how do i utilize this wireless performance?	You can enable the XWN5021 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	0
The r6900 supports 2.4ghz up to 600mbps, how do i utilize this wireless performance?	Yes, R6220 Wi-Fi Router is backwards compatible with legacy Wi-Fi standards.	0
The server cannot be found in a windows domain.	If the PC where the Digital Entertainer for Windows software is running is a member of a Windows domain:	1
The server cannot be found in a windows domain.	* [ReadyCLOUD to MyNETGEAR Single Sign-On FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30671)	0
The server cannot be found in a windows domain.	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
The server cannot be found in a windows domain.	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (not set to static IP). Second, make sure that the Wireless Device to Extender light is solid green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser and enter [www.mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net/) or the extenders default IP [http://192.168.1.250](http://192.168.1.250/).	0
The server cannot be found in a windows domain.	For each XAV101v2 devices, press and hold its Security button between 2 to 4 seconds until the LED starts to blink.	0
The server cannot be found in a windows domain.	When the upload is complete, your router restarts. The upgrade process typically takes about one minute. Read the new firmware release notes to determine whether you need to reconfigure the router after upgrading.	0
The wireless led is red. what can i do to improve the speed?	Red wireless speed LED means the bridge is out of range from the access point, you can rotate the	1
The wireless led is red. what can i do to improve the speed?	"During the first boot after an upgrade to ReadyNAS OS 6.4.0, the ReadyNAS needs to complete a quota check. On some units such as the RN100/RN2120, this can be very time consuming and the unit may be in the ""Booting..."" process for quite some time while it completes the quota check. If your device appears in RAIDar, it is likely performing the quota check as expected and your ReadyNAS should not be restarted during this process. If your device does not appear in RAIDar, contact [NETGEAR Support](http://support.netgear.com/general/contact/)."	0
The wireless led is red. what can i do to improve the speed?	The antenna design is best for A6210 while it opens with 90o when directly plugged into computer or 158 o with cradle. This can have the best performance.	0
The wireless led is red. what can i do to improve the speed?	Using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
The wireless led is red. what can i do to improve the speed?	No.	0
The wireless led is red. what can i do to improve the speed?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
The wireless performance seems to slow down when there are legacy 802.l1b/g clients. is there anything i can do?	When this happens, please go to Advanced -> Wireless Settings and select “11 b/g/n Mixed mode”. This will provide the best overall performance when there are both b/g and n clients on the network. Note while b/g clients should see better performance, that n clients will see lower performance than if the AP was configured for a pure 11n network.	1
The wireless performance seems to slow down when there are legacy 802.l1b/g clients. is there anything i can do?	That means PR2000 does not recognized your USB storage. It may have interoperability issue, or the power source of PR2000 is not enough to provide current to the storage.	0
The wireless performance seems to slow down when there are legacy 802.l1b/g clients. is there anything i can do?	In main GUI page, click in ‘settings’ icon and then click on ‘network’ to configure your network type. Before doing so, please make sure your current connection is disconnect; otherwise, the list will be gray out and you won’t be able to edit it until you disconnect the current connection. And without the SIM card inert in the dongle, you will not be able to change the default setting as well (gray-out)	0
The wireless performance seems to slow down when there are legacy 802.l1b/g clients. is there anything i can do?	From Windows select Start > Search and type in the search field Allow a program through a Windows Firewall. Add WiDiApp and Wireless PAN DHCP Server to the list of allowed programs. Make sure both private and public check boxes are selected. If you are not using Windows Firewall, consult your firewall user’s manual.	0
The wireless performance seems to slow down when there are legacy 802.l1b/g clients. is there anything i can do?	* Easily connect wireless device clients to router with push of a button	0
The wireless performance seems to slow down when there are legacy 802.l1b/g clients. is there anything i can do?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
There is no switch to turn off wireless. how can i disable wireless function?	"Launch web browser to login GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	1
There is no switch to turn off wireless. how can i disable wireless function?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on. We can also tune these channels to make sure they don't interfere with other RF signals – like Amateur Ham Radio operators – in effect, notching out those frequencies from use (effectively using only 917 of the 1155). This reduces overall throughput, but ensures that we don't impact HAM Radio communications.	0
There is no switch to turn off wireless. how can i disable wireless function?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
There is no switch to turn off wireless. how can i disable wireless function?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
There is no switch to turn off wireless. how can i disable wireless function?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
There is no switch to turn off wireless. how can i disable wireless function?	The resolution of the Night Vision Camera is the same during normal light or at night.	0
Third party direct-attach cables:	M6100 Chassis Switch supports third-party DAC passive and active cables, as long as they are SFP+ MSA compliant.	1
Third party direct-attach cables:	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet.	0
Third party direct-attach cables:	It is an acronym of Just a Bunch of Disks. There is no Raid configured and the user will utilize the disk as they were single disks.	0
Third party direct-attach cables:	Yes, the EVA8000 can access NAS devices directly. (Note: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA8000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
Third party direct-attach cables:	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support Flow Control.	0
Third party direct-attach cables:	It's down-converted to whatever the resolution is that you're using. If you're set to 720p component, it's down-converted to 720p. If you're using 480i NTSC, then it's down-converted to 480i NTSC.	0
Third party modules:	Only the following third-party modules are compatible with M6100 Chassis Switch:	1
Third party modules:	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. GSS116E supports the Auto DoS but GSS108E doesn’t.	0
Third party modules:	Yes. The Intel Wireless Display supports the following display modes.	0
Third party modules:	No. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can only be used to connect the PC to the WiFi Booster. See more instructions below.	0
Third party modules:	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Third party modules:	Yes, the GS316 supports Flow Control.	0
This router is a tri-band router. why do i only see four antennas?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	1
This router is a tri-band router. why do i only see four antennas?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
This router is a tri-band router. why do i only see four antennas?	"PR2000 is designed as a portable travel router; that is, PR2000 will examine the existing ""Profile List"" when user changes his location."	0
This router is a tri-band router. why do i only see four antennas?	This is Per VLAN Spanning Tree and Per VLAN Rapid Spanning Tree. There is no IEEE standard yet for Per VLAN (R)STP, but NETGEAR implementation follows the same rules than other vendor’s Per VLAN (R)STP for interoperability:	0
This router is a tri-band router. why do i only see four antennas?	* [via Mapped Network Drive](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/19864)	0
This router is a tri-band router. why do i only see four antennas?	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TV is commended for the best viewing experience.	0
Three key benefits to channel bonding	"1. ""Efficient"" data throughput over a congested network regardless of speed tier during peak"	1
Three key benefits to channel bonding	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Three key benefits to channel bonding	USB port is USB 2.0 spec.	0
Three key benefits to channel bonding	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
Three key benefits to channel bonding	* Connect the device to your computer via the USB cable and disable Wi-Fi	0
Three key benefits to channel bonding	The default URL is [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [http://www.mywifiext.com](http://www.mywifiext.com). Before you access this URL, you have to connect your PC to WN2500RP first.	0
To enable or disable smart connect:	1. Launch a web browser from a computer or WiFi device that is connected to the routerâ€™s network.	1
To enable or disable smart connect:	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on. We can also tune these channels to make sure they don't interfere with other RF signals - like Amateur Ham Radio operators - in effect, notching out those frequencies from use (effectively using only 917 of the 1155). This reduces overall throughput, but ensures that we don't impact HAM Radio communications.	0
To enable or disable smart connect:	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet is strongly recommended to get the best performances. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
To enable or disable smart connect:	* Dual Band mode: Duo 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz configuration supporting 802.11n/802.11a (5 GHz) and 802.11g/ 802.11b (2.4 GHz)	0
To enable or disable smart connect:	For each XAV101v2 devices, press and hold its Security button between 2 to 4 seconds until the LED starts to blink.	0
To enable or disable smart connect:	Yes, the XAVB5602 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
To get the translated mac address:	Please disable MAC filter on your router. Power on WN2500RP and connect all of your wireless devices to WN2500RP. Please ensure the Link Rate LED is stayed on. Then login to your router’s GUI to check the attached devices on your routers. There will be some devices which the first 6 digital of MAC Address is “02:0F:B5”. Please add these MAC Addresses into your router MAC filter table.( see the picture below for example, the mac addresses in red rectangle should be added into MAC filter table).	1
To get the translated mac address:	This is a known issue on the CM600. To fix the issue simply click on the help center arrow to open and close the help center. You will then be able to scroll. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
To get the translated mac address:	No.	0
To get the translated mac address:	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
To get the translated mac address:	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem router products, your cable provider is responsible for pushing the firmware upgrade to your unit after they have certified it.	0
To get the translated mac address:	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
To set up readyshare print:	Step 1: Connect the USB printer to the Router's USB port with a USB printer cable.	1
To set up readyshare print:	To reset your device to factory settings, on your screen navigate to Setup/System and select Factory Default.	0
To set up readyshare print:	Launch the Wireless Configuration Utility by clicking on the icon in your OS notifications area. Select your network and click Connect.	0
To set up readyshare print:	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
To set up readyshare print:	DGND3700 automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the Internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
To set up readyshare print:	The power consumption of PL1200 is 1.93W when the ethernet cable is connected , 0.49W standby mode (Ethernet cable disconnected or Ethernet link lost).	0
Troubleshooting	* [ReadyCLOUD to MyNETGEAR Single Sign-On FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30671)	1
Troubleshooting	Yes, WDS is supported in this release.	0
Troubleshooting	In general Powerline networks work across the circuit breakers, as long as the circuit breaker is closed. The connection between the powerline devices could be good or bad depending on the attenuation/noise level on the electrical line.	0
Troubleshooting	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
Troubleshooting	Yes, the EVA9000 can access NAS devices directly. ( NOTE: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA9000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
Troubleshooting	The new hardware found wizard will appear when you plug in the WN111v2 adapter into another USB port (Your laptop may have more than one USB port). Please use the same USB port if you want to retain the same settings and profiles.	0
Update from the internet	1. Check if an update is available from the Internet.	1
Update from the internet	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the WN2000RPT status LED flashes in amber.	0
Update from the internet	Yes, WDS is supported in this release.	0
Update from the internet	"Follow the Installation Guide or user manual to make sure the correct connection among your PC, the router and the modem. Configure your PC to obtain the IP address automatically. By default, the router's IP address is 192.168.1.1. Try to Ping the 192.168.1.1 from your PC. If the PING works, launch the web browser and type in http://192.168.1.1 or http://www.routerlogin.net to access the router. The default login id is ""admin"", and the password is ""password"". The ""Smart Wizard"" of the router can help to automatically detect the Internet connection."	0
Update from the internet	Please use any NETGEAR 11ac WIFI router like R6300 or R6200 on the other end and install it in bridge mode to setup an 11ac WIFI connection. Please follow the instructions to setup R6300/R6200 in bridge mode:	0
Update from the internet	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
Update from usb	1. Download the zipped firmware	1
Update from usb	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 150Mbps” at 2.4GHz.	0
Update from usb	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
Update from usb	Our XAVB2101 is compatible with all of our 200 Mbps Home Plug AV products and our 500 Mbps Home Plug AV Products, for example XAVB2001, XAVB1004, XAVB5001, XAVB5501, and XAVB101v2. It is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps powerline products like XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	0
Update from usb	For detailed instructions on Nighthawk Tri-band extender log in, see [How to log into the Nighthawk Tri-Band WiFi Range Extender](https://kb.netgear.com/000044735/How-to-log-into-the-Nighthawk-Tri-Band-WiFi-Range-Extender).	0
Update from usb	* Make sure the LAN LED of WNCE2001 is on. Make sure your Ethernet adapter is set to DHCP mode.	0
User and group accounts	* [How do I configure local users mode on my ReadyNAS OS 6 storage system?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23151)	1
User and group accounts	Not currently.	0
User and group accounts	After you reset the unit to its factory default settings, the set-up changes that you did (e.g., password change) will be rest to original factory default values.	0
User and group accounts	The XWNB5201 powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
User and group accounts	Yes. Even if your laptop has sound muted, the sound for the media you are playing will play on your TV.	0
User and group accounts	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide best performance with WNA3100M.	0
Using the internet ntv550 recovery menu	Optionally, if Internet connection is available, the NTV550 Recovery Menu provides a way to recover from the update server.	1
Using the internet ntv550 recovery menu	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Using the internet ntv550 recovery menu	RN3138 eSATA ports are provided by Marvell PCIe SATA 3 controller 88SE9170. The eSATA device compatibility is therefore determined by Marvell controller.	0
Using the internet ntv550 recovery menu	Go to [http://www.intel.com/go/wirelessdisplayupdate](http://www.intel.com/go/wirelessdisplayupdate).	0
Using the internet ntv550 recovery menu	Ensure that your wireless adapter supports 3x3802.11ac. Also check that the modem routers 5GHz mode in genie UI is set to 1300Mbps.	0
Using the internet ntv550 recovery menu	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	0
Using the usb ntv550 recovery menu	1. Download the zipped firmware	1
Using the usb ntv550 recovery menu	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Using the usb ntv550 recovery menu	NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses two dipole antennas mounted inside the router case. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments; users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Using the usb ntv550 recovery menu	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
Using the usb ntv550 recovery menu	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Using the usb ntv550 recovery menu	802.3az is an IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) standard, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
Vdsl is faster, however after connecting the d6400 to the phone jack, my internet speed is still 20mbps.	There may be two reasons. One is that the broadband technology offered by your service is ADSL. D6400 is backward compatible and is connecting to your Internet Service Provider with the ADSL technology. Second possible reason is that the Internet speed is controlled by your Service Provider’s subscription plan. D6400 can connect to the fastest possible speed that your Service Provider delivers, within your plan, but not more.	1
Vdsl is faster, however after connecting the d6400 to the phone jack, my internet speed is still 20mbps.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Vdsl is faster, however after connecting the d6400 to the phone jack, my internet speed is still 20mbps.	Yes, M6100 backplane meets Passive Backplane requirements.	0
Vdsl is faster, however after connecting the d6400 to the phone jack, my internet speed is still 20mbps.	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Vdsl is faster, however after connecting the d6400 to the phone jack, my internet speed is still 20mbps.	The D6400 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D6400 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, significantly more features such NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	0
Vdsl is faster, however after connecting the d6400 to the phone jack, my internet speed is still 20mbps.	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
Video is not playing, or playing with no audio / no video	1. NTV550 supports a wide variety of media formats, video and audio codecs, but no player supports all formats/codecs and NTV550 is no exception. To determine the media format and codecs used in a specific media file, browse to the media file from NTV550 and press <Info>, then<Info> again to show the media details. You can also access this information from your PC, by downloading the MediaInfo program (google “MediaInfo”). Scroll down to review the format and codec details.	1
Video is not playing, or playing with no audio / no video	No, your D6200 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
Video is not playing, or playing with no audio / no video	The R6220 supports the WiFi Beamforming technology on 5GHz(11ac) band.	0
Video is not playing, or playing with no audio / no video	No, the WNR2000v4 still uses the same 100Mbps connection just like its predecessor.	0
Video is not playing, or playing with no audio / no video	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid green before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid green, check the DSL connectionis connected to the DSL RJ11 port on the modem router.	0
Video is not playing, or playing with no audio / no video	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold today by NETGEAR today -- Homeplug 1.0 (including the XE102G, XE102, WGXB102, WGX102);	0
Videos that i play are stuttering / juddering	1. There are two main reasons that can cause a video to stutter or judder:	1
Videos that i play are stuttering / juddering	No, the NETGEAR Mobile Hotspot (AC762S) will only work in Europe, specifically it has been successfully tested in Italy, France, Germany, and UK.	0
Videos that i play are stuttering / juddering	Please see this article instead: [NeoTV Prime (GTV100) Supported USB media formats](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/22228)	0
Videos that i play are stuttering / juddering	DGND3700v2 improves the product features further from the award winning DGND3700v1:	0
Videos that i play are stuttering / juddering	The power LED blinking, indicates your router has corrupted firmware. There is a router firmware recovery utility in the router Resource CD. Please run the CD on a PC that is connected to the router (it is OK and normal for your PC NOT to receive an IP address as the router software is corrupted), select “Supporting Software”, and run “NETGEAR Firmware Recovery Utility”. This utility should be able to recover your router in approximately 15 minutes. Please do not unplug or disconnect anything during the recovery process.	0
Videos that i play are stuttering / juddering	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
Warning:	Do NOT power off or reboot the router during the firmware update, otherwise it may corrupt the firmware and render the router inoperable.	1
Warning:	If the WNDR4300v2 router does not detect your USB storage please try the following:	0
Warning:	DST is an acronym for Dead Spot Terminator. DST is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via electrical wiring in your home. The standard is called HomePlug AV (HPAV2).	0
Warning:	WNDA3100 can be configured to work at certain speed and certain frequency. The option is available via the NETGEAR Smart Wizard’s advance option on the network tab for the network adapter.	0
Warning:	"1. For each PL1000 device, press the ""Security"" button for more than two seconds, then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink."	0
Warning:	Currently the EVA9000 supports the following container formats: AVI, DivX, Xvid WMV, MOV, VOB, MPG, MP1, MP2, MP4, ISO, IFO, M4V, TS, M2TS, MKV, MKA.	0
Warning: to avoid the risk of corrupting the firmware, do not interrupt the upgrade. for example, do not close the browser, click a link, or load a new page. do not turn off the router.	When the upload is complete, your router restarts. The upgrade process typically takes about one minute. Read the new firmware release notes to determine whether you need to reconfigure the router after upgrading.	1
Warning: to avoid the risk of corrupting the firmware, do not interrupt the upgrade. for example, do not close the browser, click a link, or load a new page. do not turn off the router.	No. XAVB2001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Warning: to avoid the risk of corrupting the firmware, do not interrupt the upgrade. for example, do not close the browser, click a link, or load a new page. do not turn off the router.	Yes. The Intel Wireless Display supports the following display modes.	0
Warning: to avoid the risk of corrupting the firmware, do not interrupt the upgrade. for example, do not close the browser, click a link, or load a new page. do not turn off the router.	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
Warning: to avoid the risk of corrupting the firmware, do not interrupt the upgrade. for example, do not close the browser, click a link, or load a new page. do not turn off the router.	* [ReadyCLOUD Permissions](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24927)	0
Warning: to avoid the risk of corrupting the firmware, do not interrupt the upgrade. for example, do not close the browser, click a link, or load a new page. do not turn off the router.	Please try to update the firmware again later or on the following day.	0
What additional features this device has?	This device supports 20/40 MHz Coexistence, AP feature, Brute Attack protection, IPV6 and Traffic Meter.	1
What additional features this device has?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	0
What additional features this device has?	No, the VLAN feature is currently designed to separate WAN services provided by your service provider (ISP). For example, your ISP may require this feature in order to separate Internet, IPTV, and/or telephony services. It is not meant to be used to configure the LAN side of the customer's network.	0
What additional features this device has?	No, the CMD31T does not have wireless capabilities. You will need to connect a wireless router to the CMD31T. This device is a stand-alone cable modem.	0
What additional features this device has?	,	0
What additional features this device has?	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate WiFi networks simultaneously using both 2.4- and 5-GHz frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated WiFi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
What android version does the ptv3000 support the galaxy s4?	PTV3000 supports any android version for the Galaxy S4. Please see this [article](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23928)	1
What android version does the ptv3000 support the galaxy s4?	The first 3 bytes of MAC address is translated into 02:0F:B5 as mentioned above. Please log into router and add translated MAC addresses into IP reservation list.	0
What android version does the ptv3000 support the galaxy s4?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What android version does the ptv3000 support the galaxy s4?	Yes.	0
What android version does the ptv3000 support the galaxy s4?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the WN2000RPT status LED flashes in amber.	0
What android version does the ptv3000 support the galaxy s4?	a. No, there are no hard limits for any of the NETGEAR ProSECURE security appliances. The suggested user counts are conservative recommendations based on the specific throughput, connection handling, email handling, and client handling specifications of each individual appliance. For more information on appliance sizing for your application see THIS LINK.	0
What are gss108e and gs116e?	They are ProSAFE 8-port and 16-port Gigabit Click Switches. , offering the same software features as Plus Switches.	1
What are gss108e and gs116e?	"Launch web browser to login GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	0
What are gss108e and gs116e?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What are gss108e and gs116e?	No; your existing adapter will work with a Wireless-N router, but you will not experience the best performance.To get the most out of a Wireless-N router, upgrade your computers and laptops to Wireless-N adapters.	0
What are gss108e and gs116e?	We recommend the following NETGEAR SFP modules: AGM731F, AGM732F, AGM734, AXM761, AXM762, and AXM763.	0
What are gss108e and gs116e?	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
What are key features on fs105v3?	* LED indication	1
What are key features on fs105v3?	Single Rate Policing feature enables support for Single Rate Policer as defined by RFC 2697:	0
What are key features on fs105v3?	The EVA9000 uses the internal hard drive, a network share or USB drive to store some of its settings. This location is user definable and is normally configured during setup. This location can be changed to a different location at any time by choosing the following from the Home menu: More > Supervisor functions > Advanced settings > Media library management > Data save location.	0
What are key features on fs105v3?	The frequencies used by PL1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
What are key features on fs105v3?	ON/OFF switch           No                Yes	0
What are key features on fs105v3?	The Policy Based Routing feature overrides routing decision taken by the router and makes the packet to follow different actions based on a policy. It provides freedom over packet routing/forwarding instead of leaving the control to standard routing protocols based on L3.	0
What are key features on the gs316?	* 16 copper 10/100/1000Mbps RJ-45 Ethernet ports	1
What are key features on the gs316?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What are key features on the gs316?	The power consumption of PLP1200 is 2.06W when Ethernet cable is connected, 0.46W standby mode (Ethernet cable is disconnected or Ethernet link lost ).	0
What are key features on the gs316?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are key features on the gs316?	Please connect to extender through wired, and login at [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://www.mywifiext.net) and check the wireless setting page. If you still cannot access the extender, please reset it back to factory default.	0
What are key features on the gs316?	During installation via the Web genie, WNR2500 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
What are key features on the gs324?	* 24 copper 10/100/1000Mbps RJ-45 Ethernet ports	1
What are key features on the gs324?	It supports a maximum of four concurrent VPN clients.	0
What are key features on the gs324?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
What are key features on the gs324?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
What are key features on the gs324?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 150Mbps” at 2.4GHz.	0
What are key features on the gs324?	The two white stand pieces snap into the base and mate with some of the holes on the upper and lower sides near the edge.	0
What are m6100 console ports for serial connection?	M6100 I/O blades provide two serial ports:	1
What are m6100 console ports for serial connection?	The M6100-3S empty chassis is not orderable as a separate SKU. The M6100-3S empty chassis only comes with M6100-44G3-POE+ or M6100-44GF3 or M6100-24X3 starter kit bundles.	0
What are m6100 console ports for serial connection?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	0
What are m6100 console ports for serial connection?	In a typical situation where signal strength is improved, the data throughput will also be improved. However, there are many factors and variables impacting data speeds such as amount of traffic on the network, number of people connecting to the same network cell, the type of data you are accessing, etc. So, it also possible that in some circumstances the signal on the device is significantly improved, but the data speeds will remain the same. Most often this is when the network is slow and even the weaker signal is getting maximum throughput.	0
What are m6100 console ports for serial connection?	1. Log in the administration web interface.	0
What are m6100 console ports for serial connection?	To continue to access your ReadyCLOUD account, you must create a MyNETGEAR.com account and link it to your ReadyCLOUD account. For step-by-step instructions, see the following KB articles:	0
What are the 5ghz wi-fi channels i should not be using?	Do not use channel ranges 52-64 and 100-144.	1
What are the 5ghz wi-fi channels i should not be using?	Please make sure you have install service pack 2 or higher on your computer. XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Config is in used to configure your wireless adapter (rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard) , then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
What are the 5ghz wi-fi channels i should not be using?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
What are the 5ghz wi-fi channels i should not be using?	The maximum wireless clients a router can handle per band is 32. If your router is a dual band model, the total wireless clients your router can handle is 64 (32 for 2.4GHz and 32 for the 5GHz). For more information, please visit this article: [How many clients can you connect wirelessly to a NETGEAR router?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24043)	0
What are the 5ghz wi-fi channels i should not be using?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are the 5ghz wi-fi channels i should not be using?	C7000 has SIP ALG enabled by default. Some of the new SIP applications may not work well with SIP ALG enabled. Please disable SIP ALG from Advanced > Setup > WAN Setup and check “disable SIP ALG”.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6100 adapter?	The A6100 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11a/b/g/n specifications and 802.11ac draft 2.0. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a, 802.11n and 802.11ac wireless routers and access points. A6100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 433Mbps in 5GHz and up to 150Mbps in 2.4GHz bands. The USB dongle provide micro design.	1
What are the advantages of using the a6100 adapter?	Please make sure the wireless radio is enabled. If it is not, you can press the WiFi on/off radio button for 2 seconds to turn it on. The WiFi on/off button is located on the front panel of the device.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6100 adapter?	This migration affects all ReadyNAS storage systems and the following Nighthawk routers:	0
What are the advantages of using the a6100 adapter?	The maximum wireless clients a router can handle per band is 32. If your router is a dual band model, the total wireless clients your router can handle is 64 (32 for 2.4GHz and 32 for the 5GHz). For more information, please visit this article: [How many clients can you connect wirelessly to a NETGEAR router?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24043)	0
What are the advantages of using the a6100 adapter?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6100 adapter?	No, WN111v2 does not support WLAN Turbo-G mode. The maximum link rate for a Turbo-G AP is 54Mbps.encryption.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6200 adapter?	The A6200 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11a/b/g/n specifications and 802.11ac draft 2.0. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a, 802.11n and 802.11ac wireless routers and access points. A6200 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 866Mbps in 5GHz and up to 300Mbps in 2.4GHz bands. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and has a USB cradle that users can adjust the orientation to make a best connection quality with.	1
What are the advantages of using the a6200 adapter?	You can enable the XWN5001 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6200 adapter?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check “Enable Video Network” to avoid jitter in your wireless network.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6200 adapter?	The antennas are 3 dBi.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6200 adapter?	The table below describes the Power/Test LED (the first LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6200 adapter?	The R6220 adopts the latest 11ac chipsets, a USB 2.0 port and 128MB Flash / 128MB memory for future software feature expansion.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6210 adapter?	The A6210 has USB3.0 interface and is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11a/b/g/n/ac specifications and 802.11ac draft 2.0. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a, 802.11n and 802.11ac wireless routers and access points. A6210 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 866.7Mbps in 5GHz and up to 400Mbps in 2.4GHz bands.	1
What are the advantages of using the a6210 adapter?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6210 adapter?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6210 adapter?	* On Mac OS X (version 10.2 or later), enter smb://readyshare in the address bar.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6210 adapter?	Yes, but not all. Please check the router's user manual for its features and capabilities.	0
What are the advantages of using the a6210 adapter?	As per the 802.11n 2.0 draft, 11n high throughput data rates are supported only with plain text or AES encryption. With WEP and TKIP encryption only legacy data rates are supported.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda 4 100 adapter?	The WNDA4100 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNDA4100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 450Mbps in both bands. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and has a USB cradle that users can adjust the orientation to make a best connection quality with.	1
What are the advantages of using the wnda 4 100 adapter?	Primarily the cradle changes the direction that the antenna radiates its energy. The mobile hotspot by itself, necessarily, has to radiate its antenna energy in all directions at once. When the device is mobile, it’s impossible to know how it will be positioned relative to the nearest base station (lying flat, in a pocket horizontally, in a bag vertically, etc.). The cradle, however, only radiates energy horizontally, and looks for signal relatively close to the ground, not up in the air or straight down. It can do this because once the cradle is set up and the mobile hotspot is docked, the device no longer changes its position relative to the base station, it’s always upright in the cradle, on the same horizontal plane.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda 4 100 adapter?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only music files are supported.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda 4 100 adapter?	* Press the Security button of the XAV2602 unit for more than 2 seconds then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda 4 100 adapter?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda 4 100 adapter?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100 adapter?	The WNDA3100 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n draft 2.0 specification. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers/access points. WNDA3100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 300Mbps. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop.	1
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100 adapter?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives. The Nighthawk X6 might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R7900 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100 adapter?	PIN (Personal Identification Number) - PIN has to be taken either from a sticker label or from the web interface of the WPS device. This PIN will then be entered in the AP or client WPS device to connect.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100 adapter?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100 adapter?	C7000 has SIP ALG enabled by default. Some of the new SIP applications may not work well with SIP ALG enabled. Please disable SIP ALG from Advanced > Setup > WAN Setup and check “disable SIP ALG”.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100 adapter?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB2101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100v2 adapter?	The WNDA3100v2 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n draft 2.0 specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNDA3100v2 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 270Mbps. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop.	1
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100v2 adapter?	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XAV101 Configuration Utility to set QoS based on your environment setting.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100v2 adapter?	The default IP address is 192.168.1.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100v2 adapter?	The Digital Entertainer HD works with any TV. The Digital Entertainer HD has connectors for Composite (RCA) video, S-Video, Component Video and HDMI digital HD video and a SCART connector for European TVs. TVs with only an antenna connection can be connected using any widely available RF Modulator.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100v2 adapter?	Using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
What are the advantages of using the wnda3100v2 adapter?	It is using an Intellon 7400 chipset solution, and the max performance is 500Mbps.	0
What are the benefits of beamforming?	The key benefits of beamforming are:	1
What are the benefits of beamforming?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
What are the benefits of beamforming?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are the benefits of beamforming?	Currently, the WDS/Repeater mode feature can only be supported without security. Therefore, we have removed this feature from the R8000.	0
What are the benefits of beamforming?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5601 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What are the benefits of beamforming?	The first 3 bytes of MAC address is translated into 02:0F:B5 as mentioned above. Please log into router and add translated MAC addresses into IP reservation list.	0
What are the configurable features of click switch?	User can configure Port LED, Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping and Broadcast Storm Filtering.	1
What are the configurable features of click switch?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
What are the configurable features of click switch?	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	0
What are the configurable features of click switch?	One possible cause is the TV and the EVA8000 are on two different ground planes, which can cause the hissing sound through the speakers. To correct this purchase a power strip with a surge suppressor and plug both the TV and the EVA8000 into this strip. Both devices will now be using the same ground plane and the hissing or buzzing should go away.	0
What are the configurable features of click switch?	The fastest performance is with 150 Mbps, however this uses the 40 MHz frequency and may interfere with other wireless devices in the 2.4 GHz band such as other 802.11 equipment. To avoid this, you can set the router to work in the same 20 MHz bandwidth as 801.11b/g equipment, which reduces its maximum performance to 65 Mbps.	0
What are the configurable features of click switch?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What are the configurable features of prosafe plus switch?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, Broadcast Storm Filtering, LAG and loop detection.	1
What are the configurable features of prosafe plus switch?	* For each XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 device, press its Security button for > 1.5, < 5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What are the configurable features of prosafe plus switch?	The frequencies used by XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
What are the configurable features of prosafe plus switch?	The WN3500RP cannot check to see if the WEP passphrase is correct. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless device is not able to get the IP address from the WN3500RP. You must reset the WN3500RP to the factory defaults to get the IP address back.	0
What are the configurable features of prosafe plus switch?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
What are the configurable features of prosafe plus switch?	The XWNB5201 powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
What are the configurable features of prosafe web managed switch?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, Broadcast Storm Filtering, LAG, loop detection and IEEE 802.3az Energy Efficient Ethernet (EEE).	1
What are the configurable features of prosafe web managed switch?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use.	0
What are the configurable features of prosafe web managed switch?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, Broadcast Storm Filtering, LAG and loop detection.	0
What are the configurable features of prosafe web managed switch?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3700 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
What are the configurable features of prosafe web managed switch?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
What are the configurable features of prosafe web managed switch?	UPOE (Universal Power over Ethernet) is not an IEEE standard: UPOE was brought to market by Cisco® but its physical and LLDP specifications have been used by third-parties for interoperability, for instance via UPOE LLDP TLV, an 802.3 organizationally specific TLV. To power a UPOE PD device, all four pairs are used to deliver up to 30W + 30W = 60W per RJ45 Gigabit port. More generally, UPOE can deliver any PSE wattage up to 60W per port, when PoE+ is limited to 30W PSE maximum. When a XCM8948 blade (48 x 1G RJ45) or XCM8944 blade (40 x 1G RJ45, 2 x SFP+, 2 x 10GBASE-T) is equipped with XCM89UP UPOE daughter card, it is backward compatible with standard PoE (15.4W) and PoE+ (30W). This means that any standard PoE (802.3af) or PoE+ (802.3at) PD device is powered without any specific configuration. NETGEAR M6100 chassis supports UPOE next-generation PD devices using UPOE LLDP TLV as the preferred method. M6100 chassis supports a second method for UPOE interoperability called forced 4-pair high power static method. A ‘PoE’ command must be issued in the CLI or the Web GUI to enable the forced 4-pair configuration. M6100 doesn’t support Cisco CDP power negotiation mechanisms and algorithms for inline power negotiation with UPOE PD devices.	0
What are the current video formats the eva8000 supports?	Currently the EVA 8000 supports the following container formats: AVI, DivX, Xvid WMV, MOV, VOB, MPG, MP1, MP2, MP4, ISO, IFO, M4V.	1
What are the current video formats the eva8000 supports?	NETGEAR keeps improving the supported set top box information, but if you cannot find the correct codes during first time setup, Please skip this setting and finish the setup. As we add new firmware upgrades, we will continue to improve the supported set top boxes, which might include support for your model set top box.	0
What are the current video formats the eva8000 supports?	Yes, WNDAP350 can support 11n data rates over WDS links with other compatible ProSAFE Wireless-N Access Points.	0
What are the current video formats the eva8000 supports?	During the installation process (via the web genie interface), the router accesses the NETGEAR web site for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the router user interface also supports auto firmware upgrade. Auto upgrade will check for the latest firmware on the NETGEAR web site every time you log into the router.	0
What are the current video formats the eva8000 supports?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	0
What are the current video formats the eva8000 supports?	The link rate depends on the computer networking standard that your wireless devices support. If you use 11n wireless devices to connect with the R6100 WiFi Router, the maximum connection link rate is 300 Mbps. To take advantage of the higher 802.11ac WiFi speeds, you must connect to the R6100 WiFi Router with an 802.11ac client device, such as the NETGEAR 11 ac A6200 Wireless Aapter. If you connect the R6100 WiFi Router with the NETGEAR 11ac A6200 Wireless Adapter, the maximum connection link rate is 867 Mbps.	0
What are the current video formats the eva9000 supports?	Currently the EVA9000 supports the following container formats: AVI, DivX, Xvid WMV, MOV, VOB, MPG, MP1, MP2, MP4, ISO, IFO, M4V, TS, M2TS, MKV, MKA.	1
What are the current video formats the eva9000 supports?	The C3700 may inadvertently operate within a currently unsupported 5GHz Wi-Fi channel that has not been approved for use by NETGEAR.	0
What are the current video formats the eva9000 supports?	There is a configuration utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC.	0
What are the current video formats the eva9000 supports?	No, manual firmware upgrade is not supported on cable modem products. Your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware for your modem. Firmware upgrades for modems take place automatically through your internet connection.	0
What are the current video formats the eva9000 supports?	The XAVB2001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download from the NETGEAR web site.	0
What are the current video formats the eva9000 supports?	The WNDAP350 will work with the existing 802.3af PoE infrastructure, so no new, non-standard equipment needs to be deployed.	0
What are the default speed for the wireless modes?	For 802.11n and 802.11a the default is Up to 130Mbps. To change this to Up to 270Mbps log into the management interface Wireless Settings page and change the mode. For 802.11g the default is Up to 54Mpbs.	1
What are the default speed for the wireless modes?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are the default speed for the wireless modes?	The Digital Entertainer - EVA700 connects a TV or home entertainment system to your computer network. This enables streaming digital movies, videos, music, radio and photos from your PC to the entertainment system.	0
What are the default speed for the wireless modes?	NeoTV supports 2 modes of “power off”: Standby mode, and Power off mode. In Standby mode, the output ports are switched off and the unit is idle, but can be awakened quickly by pressing <Power>. While in Standby mode, the unit draws ~6 watts (compared to ~15 watts while powered up). In Power off mode, the unit uses minimum power state (drawing less than 0.5W), but can still be awakened by pressing <Power>. However, powering on the unit from the full power off state takes longer (30 secs compared to 1 sec).	0
What are the default speed for the wireless modes?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
What are the default speed for the wireless modes?	NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses two dipole antennas mounted inside the router case. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments; users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
What are the default user name and password to log in to the extender's settings page (www.mywifiext.net)?	You can use the following to log in:	1
What are the default user name and password to log in to the extender's settings page (www.mywifiext.net)?	The router boosts Wi-Fi speeds on 2.4GHz with support for 256 QAM. 256 QAM is a specific mode supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more Wi-Fi clients with the 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure when you connect to the 2.4GHz band with 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
What are the default user name and password to log in to the extender's settings page (www.mywifiext.net)?	1. If the LED of WNCE3001 shows red color, please follow FAQ#2 above.	0
What are the default user name and password to log in to the extender's settings page (www.mywifiext.net)?	External antennas are sold separately. Please check [http://www.netgear.com/service-providers/products/mobile/mobile-hotspots/mimo-antenna.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/service-providers/products/mobile/mobile-hotspots/mimo-antenna.aspx)	0
What are the default user name and password to log in to the extender's settings page (www.mywifiext.net)?	When you set up your router and are connected to the Internet, the router automatically checks for you to see if newer firmware is available. In addition, the router supports automatic firmware upgrades. The router checks for updated firmware and alerts you if an update is available.	0
What are the default user name and password to log in to the extender's settings page (www.mywifiext.net)?	Yes. This device does supports IPv6. There is option in the GUI to choose LAN side IPv6 mode. By default IPv6 mode is set to auto-config which supports majority of the IPv6 capable devices. If you choose DHCPv6, some of your devices may not be able to support IPv6.	0
What are the differences between dg834nv1 and dg834nv2?	* DG834Nv2 has added a pushbutton on the front panel for Wi-Fi Protected Setup, also referred to as “Push “N” Connect”.	1
What are the differences between dg834nv1 and dg834nv2?	The WNR2000v4 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
What are the differences between dg834nv1 and dg834nv2?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
What are the differences between dg834nv1 and dg834nv2?	* For each XAVB5601 devices, press its Security button for >1.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What are the differences between dg834nv1 and dg834nv2?	Port-based QOS, a unique feature of the XAV1004 and XAVB1004, allows a user to prioritize specific applications by simply plugging a device into a color-coded port on the back of the product. This way, a user can ensure that his gaming console or HD movies always receive unconstrained bandwidth, even when other devices are attempting to transmit data over the shared powerline networking.	0
What are the differences between dg834nv1 and dg834nv2?	This security option is only available on the 2.4 GHz band and not available on the 5GHz band.	0
What are the differences between docsis 2.0 and docsis 3.0?	* DOCSIS 2.0 is a single downstream channel at 38Mbps and a single upstream channel at 27Mbps	1
What are the differences between docsis 2.0 and docsis 3.0?	WNHDE111 uses high performance 6 internal MetaMaterial antennas to be able to stream HD video seamlessly even in harsh wireless environments. It uses the 5 GHz band which is relatively interference free. It uses Smart Antenna technology to listen and adapt to the wireless environment. It also has an enhanced level of Quality of Service (QOS) for jitter-free Video Streaming and lag-free video gaming.	0
What are the differences between docsis 2.0 and docsis 3.0?	Yes, XE103 support full range power 100~240V.	0
What are the differences between docsis 2.0 and docsis 3.0?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What are the differences between docsis 2.0 and docsis 3.0?	Yes, we can play back iTunes music. If you purchased songs on iTunes, you will need to have a Windows PC authorized to play these songs available on your home network when you try to play the protected songs.	0
What are the differences between docsis 2.0 and docsis 3.0?	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	0
What are the different wireless modes supported by dg834nv2?	802.11 g&b Wireless mode: Supports up to 54Mbps.	1
What are the different wireless modes supported by dg834nv2?	The XAV5201 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
What are the different wireless modes supported by dg834nv2?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are the different wireless modes supported by dg834nv2?	The A6100 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11a/b/g/n specifications and 802.11ac draft 2.0. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a, 802.11n and 802.11ac wireless routers and access points. A6100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 433Mbps in 5GHz and up to 150Mbps in 2.4GHz bands. The USB dongle provide micro design.	0
What are the different wireless modes supported by dg834nv2?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB6504 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What are the different wireless modes supported by dg834nv2?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
What are the dimensions of the m6100-3s chassis?	The M6100-3S chassis provides extra high-density in 4U height (7 inches – 17.78cm) and 17.39 inches depth (44.16cm).	1
What are the dimensions of the m6100-3s chassis?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
What are the dimensions of the m6100-3s chassis?	The power consumption of XAV5501 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
What are the dimensions of the m6100-3s chassis?	Please see the table below for details:	0
What are the dimensions of the m6100-3s chassis?	* Make sure your AP is not set to legacy B or G mode.	0
What are the dimensions of the m6100-3s chassis?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
What are the improvements from rn3130 to rn3138?	RN3138 replaces the RN3130. RN3138 includes a faster CPU and double the RAM of the RN3130.	1
What are the improvements from rn3130 to rn3138?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
What are the improvements from rn3130 to rn3138?	This security option is only available on the 2.4 GHz band and not available on the 5GHz band.	0
What are the improvements from rn3130 to rn3138?	No.	0
What are the improvements from rn3130 to rn3138?	The GS316 has a 3 year warranty. In China and India a 1 year warranty applies.	0
What are the improvements from rn3130 to rn3138?	WNHDE111 uses high performance 6 internal MetaMaterial antennas to be able to stream HD video seamlessly even in harsh wireless environments. It uses the 5 GHz band which is relatively interference free. It uses Smart Antenna technology to listen and adapt to the wireless environment. It also has an enhanced level of Quality of Service (QOS) for jitter-free Video Streaming and lag-free video gaming.	0
What are the isps that are compatible with my cmd31t?	The CMD31T supports all major ISP carriers in the US including Comcast, TWC, Charter, Cablevision, Cox as well as CableLabs certified ISPs. Please verify with your ISP if it is CableLabs certified.	1
What are the isps that are compatible with my cmd31t?	Make sure that the base router (the router that the R6200v2 will connect to) is operational and able to connect wireless devices. Make a note of the following items:  SSID, SECURITY MODE, WIRELESS PASSWORD, OPERATING FREQUENCY (EITHER 2.4 GHZ OR 5 GHZ)	0
What are the isps that are compatible with my cmd31t?	Environmental factors, Operational overhead, differences between different transport standards (UDP vs. TCP vs. WFT) and the way each standard optimizes the data overhead (typically for error handling).	0
What are the isps that are compatible with my cmd31t?	"The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web GUI. Go to BASIC > xDSL and change “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply”. Alternatively you can configure this setting under Advanced Settings via ADVANCED > SETUP > ADSL SETTINGS and change the “Physical WAN Type” to “Ethernet WAN, then click “Apply""."	0
What are the isps that are compatible with my cmd31t?	No, The XAVB5602 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
What are the isps that are compatible with my cmd31t?	No, PL1200 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
What are the key differences between xs708e and xs708ev2?	* XS708E can only be configured using ProSAFE Plus Utility. XS708Ev2 supports both Plus Utility and Web browser for remote access.	1
What are the key differences between xs708e and xs708ev2?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3700.	0
What are the key differences between xs708e and xs708ev2?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What are the key differences between xs708e and xs708ev2?	Yes, it is.	0
What are the key differences between xs708e and xs708ev2?	The topology will be depicted as below:	0
What are the key differences between xs708e and xs708ev2?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are the limitation for time machine function?	* WNDR3800 only support “GUID Partition Table” and “Master Boot Record” in partition table format. It does not support “Apple Partition Map” format. Work-around: Change partition map to Master Boot record format.	1
What are the limitation for time machine function?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
What are the limitation for time machine function?	The factory default settings for WiFi are SSID = Wireless, Security = WEP (128 bits), and WEP key is 11111111111111111111111111.	0
What are the limitation for time machine function?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode and your PC pops up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
What are the limitation for time machine function?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 15 seconds. You can just push and hold the reset button until you see the power LED is blinking. When that happens, it means the router has restored the factory default configurations and now it's rebooting. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
What are the limitation for time machine function?	Yes, you can still access the Internet if the hotspot’s LCD screen is not lit.The LCD screen goes to sleep if there is no activity on the screen, but the WiFi radio is still active. To wake up the LCD, press and quickly release the Powerbutton.	0
What are the new software features in the m6100 series?	* PV(R)STP (CLI only)	1
What are the new software features in the m6100 series?	WNDR3400v3 is a CD-less installation. Just go to [www.routerlogin.com](www.routerlogin.com) or [www.routerlogin.net](www.routerlogin.net) or [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1/) and run the setup wizard or manually configure the router for Internet connection.	0
What are the new software features in the m6100 series?	"The R7900 is currently in AP mode. This is normal behavior. If you want to put the R7900 to router mode, please go ahead and perform a factory reset on the device. Once you go through the installation process again, please make sure to select ""No"" if you see the screen below and continue with setup."	0
What are the new software features in the m6100 series?	N450 means the maximum WiFi speed of the router.	0
What are the new software features in the m6100 series?	This is the same as the normal bridge mode. We recommend using two R7300s to get an optimal bridge connection.	0
What are the new software features in the m6100 series?	8K.	0
What are the precautions before you backup a large amount of data with time machine?	Before you back up a large amount of data with Time Machine, NETGEAR recommends that you do the following to ensure a successful operation:	1
What are the precautions before you backup a large amount of data with time machine?	Red wireless speed LED means the bridge is out of range from the access point, you can rotate the	0
What are the precautions before you backup a large amount of data with time machine?	* Please ensure you have set the uplink bandwidth speed correctly. We recommend testing the uplink bandwidth speed by going to [www.speedtest.net](http://www.speedtest.net/) and running this test on a wired client with no other internet traffic on other client devices.	0
What are the precautions before you backup a large amount of data with time machine?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What are the precautions before you backup a large amount of data with time machine?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
What are the precautions before you backup a large amount of data with time machine?	If your client has good wifi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	0
What are the security modes supported with 11n high throughput speeds?	As per the 802.11n 2.0 draft, 11n high throughput data rates are supported only with plain text or AES encryption. With WEP and TKIP encryption only legacy data rates are supported.	1
What are the security modes supported with 11n high throughput speeds?	If you forget your user name and password, run the resource CD and use the Reset tool to reset your login information.	0
What are the security modes supported with 11n high throughput speeds?	Two methods can reset the device to factory default. The first method is HW method :	0
What are the security modes supported with 11n high throughput speeds?	No, your DGND3700v2 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
What are the security modes supported with 11n high throughput speeds?	The FastUplink feature is used for quick selection of a port with lowest cost, when the root port fails. In other words, FastUplink feature is used to reduce the time taken to converge, when a link fails. This feature is similar to Cisco® Uplink Fast feature. When the primary link fails, FastUplink will create an alternate path immediately. Since the ports that apply FastUplink don’t have to wait for normal convergence time, this will speed up the transition from the failed primary link to the backup link (the port in a blocking state).	0
What are the security modes supported with 11n high throughput speeds?	It supports 4 types of QoS service. This includes QoS settings for applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. The user can configure QoS based the way the product is used to set internet traffic priority for the best efficiency for the user's situation.	0
What are the supported operating systems for wna1000m?	The supported operating systems are Windows 7 (32/64-bit), Vista, XP.	1
What are the supported operating systems for wna1000m?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2 MHz to 86 MHz.	0
What are the supported operating systems for wna1000m?	C6250 is a dual-band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device's capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	0
What are the supported operating systems for wna1000m?	R6250 is the AC1600 router: It supports Max 1300Mbps at 5GHz, and Max 300Mbps at 2.4GHz.	0
What are the supported operating systems for wna1000m?	The frequencies used by PL1000 are in the range of 2 MHz to 86 MHz.	0
What are the supported operating systems for wna1000m?	"Follow the Installation Guide or user manual to make sure the correct connection among your PC, the router and the modem. Configure your PC to obtain the IP address automatically. By default, the router's IP address is 192.168.1.1. Try to Ping the 192.168.1.1 from your PC. If the PING works, launch the web browser and type in http://192.168.1.1 or http://www.routerlogin.net to access the router. The default login id is ""admin"", and the password is ""password"". The ""CD-less Installation Wizard"" of the router can help to automatically detect the Internet connection. Please refer to the Reference Manual."	0
What are the supported operating systems for wna3100m?	The supported operating systems are Windows 7 (32/64-bit), Windows Vista (32/64-bit), and Windows XP (32/64-bit).	1
What are the supported operating systems for wna3100m?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
What are the supported operating systems for wna3100m?	The choice is usually determined by your local telecommunication service provider. By choosing different programs offered by your service provider, an ADSL or a VDSL line is provided to you. Typically, programs with higher speeds than 25Mbps use VDSL.	0
What are the supported operating systems for wna3100m?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router. WiFi Booster does not use WPS protocol to connect to your router.	0
What are the supported operating systems for wna3100m?	1. NTV550 supports gapless album playback for these file types: MP3, M4A, FLAC. For MP3 and M4A, NTV550 will only play gaplessly if the album name matches for all tracks. (While browsing your music, the album name is shown on the right side when you select a track.)	0
What are the supported operating systems for wna3100m?	It's an upgrade from unmanaged switch which can only be Plug-N-Play, and is not configurable. ProSAFE Web Managed switch gives user the flexibility to configure fundamental settings.	0
What are the supported regions of the ptv3000?	 The PTV3000 have no region limitation but channels that can be played depend on region.	1
What are the supported regions of the ptv3000?	Arlo Q camera boxes include the following:	0
What are the supported regions of the ptv3000?	Guest wireless networks are enabled and configured in “Wireless Guest Network” page of GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
What are the supported regions of the ptv3000?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5601 Configuration utility.	0
What are the supported regions of the ptv3000?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR genie configuration utility.	0
What are the supported regions of the ptv3000?	1. If the LED of WNCE3001 shows red color, please follow FAQ#2 above.	0
What are the supported usb media formats?	Please see this article instead: [NeoTV Prime (GTV100) Supported USB media formats](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/22228)	1
What are the supported usb media formats?	When browsing a song, the UI shows a different length compared to what is shown on the Now Playing screen. This is due to the audio browser showing the song length that was read from the audio file’s ID3 tag data. The Now Playing screen actually calculates the duration of the song.	0
What are the supported usb media formats?	It is 1.5 x 2.0 x 7.3 in. (39 x 50.5 x 185 mm).	0
What are the supported usb media formats?	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. Please find more details at [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
What are the supported usb media formats?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
What are the supported usb media formats?	NETGEAR WNR2000v2 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	0
What are the two devices in the plw1000 kit?	One of the units is the PL1000, which connects to your router and then plugs directly into the wall to inject the internet connection into the Powerline. The other unit is the PLW1000 which you plug into any outlet in your home to expand your wireless network. It then creates its own hotspot in that room.	1
What are the two devices in the plw1000 kit?	For Charter customer only: If you are a new customer or if you switched to the New Package Pricing after June 26, 2012, you have to use the modem provided by Charter. However, if you are a customer before June 26, 2012 and are told that Charter does not accept customer-owned modem, please escalate your case to the customer support manager and ask to have your modem activated.	0
What are the two devices in the plw1000 kit?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
What are the two devices in the plw1000 kit?	* [ReadyDR FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/31224)	0
What are the two devices in the plw1000 kit?	XAV101, XAV2001,XAV2501,XAV1004 and XAVN2001 (support wireless).	0
What are the two devices in the plw1000 kit?	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
What are the two modes of the remote control touch pad?	"The Remote control touch pad has two modes. D-PAD (Up/Down/Left/Right/OK) or Touch Pad (Mouse, mouse click) modes. If the touch pad is in D-PAD mode, the center dot works as ""OK"". If the touch pad is in mouse mode, the center dot works as a mouse click. To enter Mouse pad mode swipe the touch pad, and to enter D-PAD mode click the Up/Down/Left/Right buttons."	1
What are the two modes of the remote control touch pad?	The frequencies used by XAVB6504 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
What are the two modes of the remote control touch pad?	For this to work, the PC must be directly connected to one of the 4 Ethernet ports on the	0
What are the two modes of the remote control touch pad?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
What are the two modes of the remote control touch pad?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
What are the two modes of the remote control touch pad?	Yes.	0
What are the usb ports used for?	You can use these ports to connect a flash drive, or a USB external drive (hard drive), or a larger personal USB drive that is powered separately.	1
What are the usb ports used for?	The access code for accessing US EPG information can be purchased from the NETGEAR website at [www.buynetgear.com](http://www.buynetgear.com) for a small fee.	0
What are the usb ports used for?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes amber.	0
What are the usb ports used for?	Quality of Service (QoS) prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port. QoS is built into NETGEARâ€™s WNR3500.	0
What are the usb ports used for?	This button is for user to reset all of the settings back to factory defaults.	0
What are the usb ports used for?	The default IP address is 192.168.5.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default credentials “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
What are the user name and password to log in to the extender?	The user name is admin, and the default password is password. Both are case-sensitive.	1
What are the user name and password to log in to the extender?	Push-N-Connect is a feature which makes it very simple to connect wireless devices (notebooks, desktops, etc.) to a secure wireless network without needing to remember security pass phrases, or security method (WEP, WPA-PSK, WPA2). The user only needs to select the wireless network that they want to connect to, and then press the Push-N-Connect button on the router. Push-N-Connect does the rest. Push-N-Connect must be supported on the router and each wireless device in order to take advantage of this feature. Push-N-Connect is based on the WiFi Protected Setup (WPS) standard.	0
What are the user name and password to log in to the extender?	The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
What are the user name and password to log in to the extender?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are the user name and password to log in to the extender?	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. For more details, see [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
What are the user name and password to log in to the extender?	The CMD31T supports up to 4 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	0
What are the wireless frequencies used by arlo q cameras?	Arlo Q cameras use 2.4GHz and 5GHz.	1
What are the wireless frequencies used by arlo q cameras?	Yes, please see the table below for more detail:	0
What are the wireless frequencies used by arlo q cameras?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router.	0
What are the wireless frequencies used by arlo q cameras?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	0
What are the wireless frequencies used by arlo q cameras?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
What are the wireless frequencies used by arlo q cameras?	GSS108E and GS116E support loop detection. When a loop is detected, both left and right LED on the affected port will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second.	0
What are the wireless mode options?	The fastest performance is with 150 Mbps, however this uses the 40 MHz frequency and may interfere with other wireless devices in the 2.4 GHz band such as other 802.11 equipment. To avoid this, you can set the router to work in the same 20 MHz bandwidth as 801.11b/g equipment, which reduces its maximum performance to 65 Mbps.	1
What are the wireless mode options?	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	0
What are the wireless mode options?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What are the wireless mode options?	Place your Arlo camera within 300 feet of your Wi-Fi router. This distance can vary depending on obstacles such as concrete or stucco walls, metallic barriers, or Wi-Fi interference.	0
What are the wireless mode options?	Yes, the PL1000 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
What are the wireless mode options?	Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Remove%20registered%20product) with:	0
What are the wireless modes supported by wndr3300?	* Type 1: Full 2.4 GHZ configuration supporting - 802.11n/802.11g/ 802.11b	1
What are the wireless modes supported by wndr3300?	That means Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue.	0
What are the wireless modes supported by wndr3300?	Press reset button for more than 10sec, WNR1500 will launch reset-to-default process.	0
What are the wireless modes supported by wndr3300?	Possible reasons:	0
What are the wireless modes supported by wndr3300?	 The SSID and the wireless password is printed on the back or bottom of the router.	0
What are the wireless modes supported by wndr3300?	Please refer to the Installation Guide that comes along with the unit.	0
What are the wireless security options of wndr3400v3?	WNDR3400v3 supports the following wireless securities:	1
What are the wireless security options of wndr3400v3?	When there is a new firmware, the NeoTV Streaming Player prompts the user that there is a newer firmware available when the unit powers up, or wakes up from standby. Please follow the on screen instruction to press the yellow remote control button, and then press OK to perform firmware upgrade.	0
What are the wireless security options of wndr3400v3?	Yes.	0
What are the wireless security options of wndr3400v3?	The D7000 has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side and right side of the modem router respectively.	0
What are the wireless security options of wndr3400v3?	We recommend the following NETGEAR SFP modules: AGM731F, AGM732F, AGM734, AXM761, AXM762, and AXM763.	0
What are the wireless security options of wndr3400v3?	The Digital Entertainer HD may not support the audio or video format used in the file. See the User Manual for information on what formats are supported.	0
What can i do if i forget my login password?	It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router’s configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 5 seconds. You can just push and hold the reset button until you see the power LED is blinking. When that happens, it means the router has restored the factory default configurations and now it’s rebooting. With the factory default, the login name is “admin” and the password is “password”.	1
What can i do if i forget my login password?	The max power consumption of the PL1000 is 3.73 watts. In standby mode it only consumes 0.49 watts.	0
What can i do if i forget my login password?	A6100 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6100 and connect to 5GHz. A6100 provides beamforming feature and also uses 802.11ac that can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
What can i do if i forget my login password?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. With WPS, it automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What can i do if i forget my login password?	DST is an acronym for Dead Spot Terminator. DST is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via electrical wiring in your home. The standard is called HomePlug AV (HPAV2).	0
What can i do if i forget my login password?	Yes, the AirCard 785 will work with any GSM/GPRS/EDGE/HSPA network such as AT&T or T-mobile. Unfortunately no North American LTE networks are supported.	0
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this extender?	By default setting, EX7000 use the same password as your home network. You need log into the router to get the password. If you change EX7000's password during Smart Setup, EX7000 don't have interface to let you view the password. Thus we suggest you redo the EX7000 Smart Setup to configure EX7000 again.	1
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this extender?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this extender?	Type in http://192.168.0.1/ in an Internet browser on a PC or Mac connected to one of the device’s 4 Ethernet ports, or connected via Wireless to the device. The URL is the factory default settings. If you change this IP setting in GUI page “LAN IP”, please record your change so that you would know the IP to access GUI page. In case, you forgot your change, you can reset the unit to factory default settings, and then access GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this extender?	D6000 supports full 802.11b/g/n on 2.4 GHz band and 802.11 a/n/ac on the 5GHz band.	0
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this extender?	"1. Push the ""WPS"" button on the wireless device."	0
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this extender?	Yes, XE103 support full range power 100~240V.	0
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this router?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	1
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this router?	Yes, your cable TV line can carry the TV signal while you send and receive information on the Internet.	0
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and imiproved features to your product.	0
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this router?	NETGEAR is currently working on a much more feature rich QoS feature which will be available on a later firmware release in early Q1 2015.	0
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this router?	XAU2511 have ON/OFF button to power on/power off the device.	0
What can i do if i forgot or lost the password for the wireless network of this router?	The power consumption of XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 is 2.0 Watts in 110V AC and 2.3 Watts in 220V AC.	0
What can i do if i forgot or misplaced the password for the wireless network of this router?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	1
What can i do if i forgot or misplaced the password for the wireless network of this router?	"The WNR2000v4 has an option called ""Wireless AP"". This is located under  ADVANCED > ADVANCED SETUP > WIRELESS SETTINGS."	0
What can i do if i forgot or misplaced the password for the wireless network of this router?	When a license is purchased, it can be in one of three forms:	0
What can i do if i forgot or misplaced the password for the wireless network of this router?	The R7300 DST comes with a 1 year warranty which is handled by GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for warranty assistance.	0
What can i do if i forgot or misplaced the password for the wireless network of this router?	Yes. The switch On/Off is only affecting the networking part. The Pass through socket will still provide power for the devices plugged in.	0
What can i do if i forgot or misplaced the password for the wireless network of this router?	Yes. Indoors the video will be in color and appear normal. Outside - in sunlight - the video will also be in color, but the color will be washed out or muted, and some colors may be distorted.	0
"What can i do if my computer and my hipserv-nomad is not syncing? i am getting error message ""hipservagent has stopped working""."	Unfortunately, the problem is with the HipServ application and this error has nothing to do with the Stora.	1
"What can i do if my computer and my hipserv-nomad is not syncing? i am getting error message ""hipservagent has stopped working""."	Yes.	0
"What can i do if my computer and my hipserv-nomad is not syncing? i am getting error message ""hipservagent has stopped working""."	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
"What can i do if my computer and my hipserv-nomad is not syncing? i am getting error message ""hipservagent has stopped working""."	JGS524E supports loop detection. When a loop is detected, the left LED on the affected port will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second.	0
"What can i do if my computer and my hipserv-nomad is not syncing? i am getting error message ""hipservagent has stopped working""."	1. Press the reset button on the bottom until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5 to 10 seconds.	0
"What can i do if my computer and my hipserv-nomad is not syncing? i am getting error message ""hipservagent has stopped working""."	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product .	0
What can i do if my gaming system is unable to connect to the r6300 configured as a bridge?	Powercycle both R6300 routers as well as the gaming system to get a DHCP assigned IP.	1
What can i do if my gaming system is unable to connect to the r6300 configured as a bridge?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘statistics” to get what you need.	0
What can i do if my gaming system is unable to connect to the r6300 configured as a bridge?	Guest network is a feature of the router. Once the device is set to AP, the guest network will be disabled.	0
What can i do if my gaming system is unable to connect to the r6300 configured as a bridge?	NETGEAR recommends using up to 8 power line devices.	0
What can i do if my gaming system is unable to connect to the r6300 configured as a bridge?	You have 2 options: let the wizard detect whether new firmware is available or manually upload the firmware to the router:	0
What can i do if my gaming system is unable to connect to the r6300 configured as a bridge?	During installation via the browser based genie, the D7000 looks for the latest firmware, and if there is new firmware, router will ask user to confirm to upgrade it or not. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time when you login into the GUI.	0
What can i do if the extender disconnects when connecting to the main router during setup?	Try to change the wireless settings of the main router. You can also try re-flashing the firmware of the router and the extender.	1
What can i do if the extender disconnects when connecting to the main router during setup?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
What can i do if the extender disconnects when connecting to the main router during setup?	XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard) , then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
What can i do if the extender disconnects when connecting to the main router during setup?	Push ’N’ Connect is an easy way to connect your wireless devices to the router without remembering passwords and SSIDs. DGN1000 supports WiFi Protected Setup (WPS), a WiFi Alliance standard specification which enables Push ‘N’Connect. You need to have a WPS enabled Wireless-N client or adapter like WN111v2 for Push ’N’ Connect to work with DGN1000.	0
What can i do if the extender disconnects when connecting to the main router during setup?	MicroUSB can be used as a power source for PR2000 from a laptop USB port while traveling. The USB 2.0 port can be used for ReadySHARE Storage or printer function when PR2000 is powered by Alternative Current (AC) source. USB 2.0 port can also act as a charger for your portable device, such as cell phone when PR2000 is plugged in (AC) socket.	0
What can i do if the extender disconnects when connecting to the main router during setup?	 POWER                  Solid Green: Power is supplied to the router.                                                                                                                                                                                              Solid Red: POST (Power-On Self-Test) failure or device malfunction                                                                        Off: No power is supplied to the router	0
What can i do with readyshare usb storage access?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the R6300 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	1
What can i do with readyshare usb storage access?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router. Users can put the switch either at “wireless” or “wired” position depending on the use scenario. “Wired” position is selected if the Internet is reachable from a wired connection, for instance, by a DSL modem or another router’s LAN port. Otherwise, “wireless” position is preferred if a user wants to share a Hotspot wireless connection among various wireless devices.	0
What can i do with readyshare usb storage access?	The frequencies used by XAVB2001 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
What can i do with readyshare usb storage access?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives. The Nighthawk X6 might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R7900 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
What can i do with readyshare usb storage access?	The 20/40MHz Connection is enabled. This is a feature on the router to make the 2.4GHz frequency connection become more stable on the router since there is a lot of interference when using this frequency. You can enable/disable this feature by going to  ADVANCED > ADVANCED SETUP > WIRELESS SETTINGS.	0
What can i do with readyshare usb storage access?	* It is likely that your extender is placed at the borderline of the signal range covered by your main WiFi router. Moving your extender closer to the main WiFi router will most likely resolve this.	0
What changes to expect in readynas os 6.4.1	In this upgrade, we have made a few changes to the way shares and permissions are handled in the user-interface. For more information regarding these changes, please see our [6.4.1 FAQ on changes to the shares page.](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30048)	1
What changes to expect in readynas os 6.4.1	Make sure that the base router (the router that the R6250 will connect to) is operational and able to connect wireless devices. Make a note of the following items:  SSID, SECURITY MODE, WIRELESS PASSWORD, OPERATING FREQUENCY (EITHER 2.4 GHZ OR 5 GHZ)	0
What changes to expect in readynas os 6.4.1	One possible cause is the TV and the EVA8000 are on two different ground planes, which can cause the hissing sound through the speakers. To correct this purchase a power strip with a surge suppressor and plug both the TV and the EVA8000 into this strip. Both devices will now be using the same ground plane and the hissing or buzzing should go away.	0
What changes to expect in readynas os 6.4.1	After you have successfully setup the WNR2000v2 to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	0
What changes to expect in readynas os 6.4.1	For assistance in securing your wireless network, see [Securing your wireless network using WPA2](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/112)	0
What changes to expect in readynas os 6.4.1	This is expected. Since the EX6100 provides 1x1 11ac antenna stream in 5GHz band the connection in 5GHz band will be the lower of the two, meaning 1x1 11ac.	0
What context and where should the 4g mobile broadband router be used?	* Available virtually anywhere for broadband users [Coverage Map](http://network4g.verizonwireless.com/#!/coverage/)	1
What context and where should the 4g mobile broadband router be used?	1. Try uninstalling the Intel WiFi driver, then reinstalling the latest Intel WiFi driver.	0
What context and where should the 4g mobile broadband router be used?	DDR3 non-buffered ECC DIMM, see compatible memory type here	0
What context and where should the 4g mobile broadband router be used?	The M6100-3S chassis provides extra high-density in 4U height (7 inches – 17.78cm) and 17.39 inches depth (44.16cm).	0
What context and where should the 4g mobile broadband router be used?	The JNR3210/JNR3000 is not shipped with an install CD (PE SKU has a CD but only docs in the CD). JNR3210/JNR3000 supports CD-less installation.	0
What context and where should the 4g mobile broadband router be used?	With firmware v1.0.4.30 or higher, the R7000 has been certified to support 5GHz band 2 and 5GHz band 3 channel which includes channel 52, 56, 60, 64, 100, 104, 108, and 112.	0
What data transfer rates do i need for hdtv (high definition tv)?	The amount of bandwidth required to transmit compressed HD video varies greatly depending on the resolution (e.g. 720p vs. 1080i vs. 1080p) and the type of compression used (e.g. MPEG2 vs. MPEG4). The following are bandwidth requirements for the most common resolutions:	1
What data transfer rates do i need for hdtv (high definition tv)?	The top of the wireless router includes a dome with status lights that identify the status of the selected option you chose for either Wireless data status (default), Guest Network status, Live Parental Controls status, or Broadband Usage Meter status. You can select your preferred option in router’s GUI	0
What data transfer rates do i need for hdtv (high definition tv)?	Go to ADVANCED>NETGEAR Downloader. There are two tabs - Basic settings and Download Manager. Before using NETGEAR Downloader, please go to the Basic settings page to change the settings. If you are okay with the default settings, just go to the Download Manager to continue with your settings.	0
What data transfer rates do i need for hdtv (high definition tv)?	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TVs is recommended for the best viewing experience.	0
What data transfer rates do i need for hdtv (high definition tv)?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	0
What data transfer rates do i need for hdtv (high definition tv)?	The default password is “password”.	0
What devices will work with a readynas?	Your ReadyNAS can be accessed from any computer (Mac/Windows/Linux), tablet, smartphone, or web browser. You can access your data using built-in operating system file managers (Finder, MyComputer, etc), mobile applications (Android, iOS), or any internet device with a web browser via our ReadyCLOUD portal.. Your files can be accessed from remote locations without the need to setup complicated VPNs, configure firewalls, or ever know an IP address. ReadyNAS matches the way you want to use and access your data. There is nothing new to learn.	1
What devices will work with a readynas?	This device supports 20/40 MHz Coexistence, AP feature, Brute Attack protection, IPV6 and Traffic Meter.	0
What devices will work with a readynas?	Hardware reset: Push the reset button on the back of the router for 15 seconds.	0
What devices will work with a readynas?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What devices will work with a readynas?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
What devices will work with a readynas?	Yes, XS708E supports Flow Control and they are enabled by default.	0
What do i do if i am having trouble logging into my wireless range extender?	To troubleshoot problems with extender log in, see [I can’t access www.mywifiext.net; what do I do?](https://kb.netgear.com/29746/I-can-t-access-www-mywifiext-net-what-do-I-do).	1
What do i do if i am having trouble logging into my wireless range extender?	Default IP address is 192.168.0.1. The default username is  ADMIN, while default password is  PASSWORD.	0
What do i do if i am having trouble logging into my wireless range extender?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
What do i do if i am having trouble logging into my wireless range extender?	Using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
What do i do if i am having trouble logging into my wireless range extender?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
What do i do if i am having trouble logging into my wireless range extender?	C6300 is a dual band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device’s capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	0
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3700 router?	Before you start your DSL installation:	1
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3700 router?	AC329U supports up to 21.6Mbps @ Downlink and 5.76Mbps @ uplink. The detail spec as shown below: HSPA+ (21 Mbps), HSUPA (5.76 Mbps), UMTS (384 Kbps), EDGE (237 Kbps), GPRS (85.6 Kbps)	0
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3700 router?	By default setting, EX6200 use the same password as your home network. You need log into the router to get the password. If you change EX6200's password during Smart Setup, EX6200 don't have interface to let you view the password. Thus we suggest you redo the EX6200 Smart Setup to configure EX6200 again.	0
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3700 router?	The maximum wireless clients a router can handle per band is 32. If your router is a dual band model, the total wireless clients your router can handle is 64 (32 for 2.4GHz and 32 for the 5GHz). For more information, please visit this article: [How many clients can you connect wirelessly to a NETGEAR router?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24043)	0
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3700 router?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501 and XAV1601 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3700 router?	Yes. By default the router will check for newer firmware every day (4 AM local time) and install it if available. The time and frequency can be updated in the settings.	0
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3800b router?	Before you start your DSL installation:	1
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3800b router?	The M6100-3S chassis supports a maximum of 144 RJ45 10/100/1000 ports, or 120 SFP 100/1000 ports, or 72 RJ45 10GBASE-T ports, or 48 SFP+ 1000/10GBASE-X ports, or a combination.	0
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3800b router?	[How do I change the file and folder permission on the ReadyNAS that is attached to domain controller?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21506)	0
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3800b router?	HomePlug 1.0 specification allows for speeds up to 14 Mbit/s. HomePlug AV specification allows for speeds up to 200 Mbits/s, with some Homeplug AV devices using a proprietary extension increasing this to 500 Mbits/s. Also HomePlug AV powerline networks can exist in the same household as a HomePlug 1.0 powerline network, but they cannot communicate with each other.	0
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3800b router?	PVSTP is based on 802.1s and PVRSTP is based on 802.1w. When a switch running PVRSTP receives PVSTP BPDU, then the switch falls back to the lower version (PVSTP) after its migration-delay timer expires.	0
What do i need before i start dsl installation on the dgnd3800b router?	There are three internal antennas inside the case of WN802T-200. The fixed orientations of the antennas are designed to give the optimal performance. There is no need to fiddle with external antennas for better reception and transmission.	0
What do i need to work with a6100 and able to access internet?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	1
What do i need to work with a6100 and able to access internet?	During normal operation, the XAV2602 automatically goes into power saving mode when the Ethernet link is down for 10 minutes. While in power saving mode, the XAV2602 will leave the power saving mode when the Ethernet link is back.	0
What do i need to work with a6100 and able to access internet?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What do i need to work with a6100 and able to access internet?	a. Yes, there is option under Web Security page in STM150	0
What do i need to work with a6100 and able to access internet?	The R6300 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6300 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	0
What do i need to work with a6100 and able to access internet?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform the firmware upgrade with a ""WIRED"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What do i need to work with a6200 and able to access internet?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	1
What do i need to work with a6200 and able to access internet?	* Manually power off or configure to use a smaller Wi-Fi range within the advanced settings.	0
What do i need to work with a6200 and able to access internet?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
What do i need to work with a6200 and able to access internet?	Yes, the XAVB5601 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
What do i need to work with a6200 and able to access internet?	The touch wheel is used to select boot options, but cannot be used once the OS is booted.	0
What do i need to work with a6200 and able to access internet?	The WNHDB3004 is the industry’s first 4x4 MIMO solution, 4 transmitters and 4 receivers. In addition, the WiFi technologies below made it possible to increase its range and provides resiliency and reliability of streaming Video over Wireless:	0
What do i need to work with a6210 and able to access internet?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	1
What do i need to work with a6210 and able to access internet?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What do i need to work with a6210 and able to access internet?	DST is an acronym for Dead Spot Terminator. DST is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via electrical wiring in your home. The standard is called HomePlug AV (HPAV2).	0
What do i need to work with a6210 and able to access internet?	The key difference between 11n beamforming and 11ac beamforming is that Wi-Fi Alliance had no interoperability specification for 802.11n beamforming. The 802.11n beamforming standard was not very clearly defined, making 802.11n beamforming implementation a proprietary feature with no interoperability between different vendors.	0
What do i need to work with a6210 and able to access internet?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What do i need to work with a6210 and able to access internet?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘statistics” to get what you need.	0
What do i need to work with my netgear wireless adapter and able to access internet?	A modem-router/AP (gateway)	1
What do i need to work with my netgear wireless adapter and able to access internet?	The two USB ports are only for charging devices like tablets and mobile phones. Maximum 10W can be provided with a single port and maximum 15W between the two.	0
What do i need to work with my netgear wireless adapter and able to access internet?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What do i need to work with my netgear wireless adapter and able to access internet?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation and you need to stop it before installing the adapter.	0
What do i need to work with my netgear wireless adapter and able to access internet?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What do i need to work with my netgear wireless adapter and able to access internet?	Yes, latest version of the Desktop Genie can be downloaded from NETGEAR web site [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng).	0
What do i need to work with wnda 4 100 and able to access internet?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	1
What do i need to work with wnda 4 100 and able to access internet?	Yes, the Night Vision Camera is compatible with the Outdoor Shell (VZMS2050, sold separately.)	0
What do i need to work with wnda 4 100 and able to access internet?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What do i need to work with wnda 4 100 and able to access internet?	password	0
What do i need to work with wnda 4 100 and able to access internet?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
What do i need to work with wnda 4 100 and able to access internet?	We are working on firmware to add USB support to the product. We will provide more details when this firmware update is released.	0
What do i need to work with wnda3100v2 and able to access internet?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	1
What do i need to work with wnda3100v2 and able to access internet?	NETGEAR offers Live Parental Controls software; a free program that provides a flexible way to monitor and restrict access to undesirable content on the Internet. Live Parental Controls is a feature rich program supported by OpenDNS the leading provider of security and infrastructure services that make the Internet safer through integrated Web content filtering, anti-phishing and DNS.	0
What do i need to work with wnda3100v2 and able to access internet?	NETGEAR recommends at least 1.2Mbps. You might also need a router if you cannot connect the player directly to your cable or DSL modem.	0
What do i need to work with wnda3100v2 and able to access internet?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What do i need to work with wnda3100v2 and able to access internet?	In main GUI page, click in ‘settings’ icon and then click on ‘network’ to configure your network type. Before doing so, please make sure your current connection is disconnect; otherwise, the list will be gray out and you won’t be able to edit it until you disconnect the current connection. And without the SIM card inert in the dongle, you will not be able to change the default setting as well (gray-out)	0
What do i need to work with wnda3100v2 and able to access internet?	The XAV1004 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrade.	0
What do the dg834nv2 leds indicate?	 POWER                  Solid Green: Power is supplied to the router.                                                                                                                                                                                              Solid Red: POST (Power-On Self-Test) failure or device malfunction                                                                        Off: No power is supplied to the router	1
What do the dg834nv2 leds indicate?	* Press the reset button on the button until the Power light blinks. This takes about 7~10 seconds. (To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.)	0
What do the dg834nv2 leds indicate?	[Official 6.4.1](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30110)	0
What do the dg834nv2 leds indicate?	The DC113A cradle works with the following devices:	0
What do the dg834nv2 leds indicate?	802.11 g&b Wireless mode: Supports up to 54Mbps.	0
What do the dg834nv2 leds indicate?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicate?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	1
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicate?	" The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, see [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicate?	The R6300 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicate?	DGND3700 product is a powerful and full featured DSL router with a Dual core processor to handle the most computation intensive tasks easily. It simultaneously supports Wi-Fi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicate?	Please follow below steps to configure.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicate?	DGND3700 not only come integrated with the ADSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicates?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	1
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicates?	Yes. The Intel Wireless Display supports the following display modes.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicates?	The router boosts Wi-Fi speeds on 2.4GHz with support for 256 QAM. 256 QAM is a specific mode supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more Wi-Fi clients with the 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure when you connect to the 2.4GHz band with 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicates?	* DG834Nv2 has added a pushbutton on the front panel for Wi-Fi Protected Setup, also referred to as “Push “N” Connect”.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicates?	The WNDA3100v2 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n draft 2.0 specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNDA3100v2 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 270Mbps. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light (middle led) indicates?	* [Using ReadyCLOUD app for iOS to access your ReadyNAS OS 6 remotely?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24937)	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light indicates?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	1
What do the different colors of the powerline light indicates?	 The SSID and the wireless password is printed on the back or bottom of the router.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light indicates?	In general Powerline networks work across the circuit breakers, as long as the circuit breaker is closed. The connection between the powerline devices could be good or bad depending on the attenuation/noise level on the electrical line.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light indicates?	The D6400 does not come with an installation CD. It has a feature called NETGEAR genie that guides you through the installation of the router.	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light indicates?	* [Recovering a folder with ReadyCLOUD](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29795)	0
What do the different colors of the powerline light indicates?	1. There are two main reasons that can cause a video to stutter or judder:	0
What do the different remote control front led lights mean?	* Blink blue color twice per second: Remote control has paired NeoTV PRIME and is trying to connect NeoTV PRIME.	1
What do the different remote control front led lights mean?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
What do the different remote control front led lights mean?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What do the different remote control front led lights mean?	By default, the R7300 device and DST6501 use the same DST encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
What do the different remote control front led lights mean?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
What do the different remote control front led lights mean?	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
What do the smart antennas in rangemax do?	7 smart internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	1
What do the smart antennas in rangemax do?	1. WNCE4004 does not support wireless configuration. Please setup the device by WPS or using genie through the PC.	0
What do the smart antennas in rangemax do?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What do the smart antennas in rangemax do?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and you could access the printer wired or wirelessly.	0
What do the smart antennas in rangemax do?	WNDA4100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA4100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
What do the smart antennas in rangemax do?	See the table below for antenna specifications.	0
What do the various led states mean?	" RED STEADY - Unit in ""Passive Standby"" - can be ""turned on with remote"" but requires 60+/- seconds to boot up. The EVA does not respond to network commands, but will self-power-on to perform background tasks as needed. In this mode the EVA is drawing less than .3 watts."	1
What do the various led states mean?	1. Press the reset button on the bottom until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5 to 10 seconds.	0
What do the various led states mean?	Yes. To display different content, change the screen display setting on your computer to extend mode.	0
What do the various led states mean?	* If WNHD3004 is set as an AP, that means no WNHD3004 bridge or other wireless client is connected	0
What do the various led states mean?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What do the various led states mean?	The R6100 WiFi Router has a USB 2.0 port on the back.	0
"What does ""dual band"" mean?"	There are two radios built into the DGND3300(B), one transmitting at 2.4GHz for 802.11g/802.11b and one for transmitting at 5GHz/2.4GHz for 802.11a/802.11n.	1
"What does ""dual band"" mean?"	Guest network is a feature of the router. Once the device is set to AP, the guest network will be disabled.	0
"What does ""dual band"" mean?"	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
"What does ""dual band"" mean?"	It depends on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE hard drive. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
"What does ""dual band"" mean?"	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
"What does ""dual band"" mean?"	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
What does n450 mean?	N450 means the maximum WiFi speed of the router.	1
What does n450 mean?	To reset your device to factory settings, on your screen navigate to Setup/System and select Factory Default.	0
What does n450 mean?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to Airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an Airplay ready device, such as Apple TV or Airplay ready receivers.	0
What does n450 mean?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input)	0
What does n450 mean?	The R7300 DST comes with a 1 year warranty which is handled by GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for warranty assistance.	0
What does n450 mean?	1. Write down all the settings which you changed from the default values, since you may need to reenter them manually.	0
What does the push ’n’ connect or wps button do in the front panel?	If you want to connect a third device in your bedroom to the network, simply buy a WNHDE111 unit, push the WPS button on the unit connected to your router and within 2 min, push the WPS button on the new unit. The devices exchange all the SSID and security information automatically and get connected. WPS is based on a standard by WiFi Alliance and will be available in many client devices. WNHDE111 Push ’N’ Connect function is already WPS certified and works with other WPS certified APs or clients.	1
What does the push ’n’ connect or wps button do in the front panel?	"Please press and hold the ""Return"" button for 3~5 seconds until the popup windows shows up."	0
What does the push ’n’ connect or wps button do in the front panel?	This is a 24-port Gigabit switch. It belongs to the new “ProSAFE Plus Switches” family.	0
What does the push ’n’ connect or wps button do in the front panel?	* The update process is completed when the onscreen progress bar completes. During the firmware update, the Power LED blinks amber. After the firmware update is done, the router restarts and the Power LED illuminates solid amber.	0
What does the push ’n’ connect or wps button do in the front panel?	No, the cable router should automatically be provisioned by the service provider. Please contact your service provider if the unit is unable to connect online.	0
What does the push ’n’ connect or wps button do in the front panel?	The Wireless-N Dual Band Router has 8 blue lights in the dome which illustrate the activity of the 8 internal antennas. The lights are not required however, and customers can choose to turn them off simply by pushing the dome down lightly.	0
What does the test led indicate various condition of router?	The table below describes the Test LED (the second LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	1
What does the test led indicate various condition of router?	NETGEAR genie 2.4.16 or later, for Windows.	0
What does the test led indicate various condition of router?	The WN2500RP cannot check whether the WEP passphrase is correct or not. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless PC will not able to get IP address from WN2500RP. You need to reset the WN2500RP to factory default to get it back.	0
What does the test led indicate various condition of router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What does the test led indicate various condition of router?	"The R8000 is currently in AP mode. This is normal behavior. If you want to put the R8000 to router mode, please go ahead and perform a factory reset on the device. Once you go through the installation process again, please make sure to select ""No"" if you see the screen below and continue with setup."	0
What does the test led indicate various condition of router?	Due to security concerns with WDS, the R8500 does not support this feature.	0
What does “essentials” mean?	There are three built-in connections in this device, the ADSL port, two Ethernet ports, and the N300 (300Mbps) WiFi. That combination is all one needs to get Internet connection via a DSL service, and share that Internet connection with multiple WiFi devices, such as notebook computers, Smartphones, tablets, etc. The Ethernet connector is for devices that do not have built-in WiFi but still need to get on to the Internet.	1
What does “essentials” mean?	The Access Point should be installed such that the antenna is facing the maximum usage area. It can be either ceiling or wall mounted.	0
What does “essentials” mean?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What does “essentials” mean?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
What does “essentials” mean?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
What does “essentials” mean?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What does “internet mode switch” mean?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router. Users can put the switch either at “wireless” or “wired” position depending on the use scenario. “Wired” position is selected if the Internet is reachable from a wired connection, for instance, by a DSL modem or another router’s LAN port. Otherwise, “wireless” position is preferred if a user wants to share a Hotspot wireless connection among various wireless devices.	1
What does “internet mode switch” mean?	The Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router has two USB ports. Both the USB 3.0 port and USB 2.0 are located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as a USB printer and the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 hard drives.	0
What does “internet mode switch” mean?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What does “internet mode switch” mean?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What does “internet mode switch” mean?	The blue dome is just a hardware design. It has no feature or function.	0
What does “internet mode switch” mean?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature of XS708E would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. It is not configurable and enabled by default.	0
What does “profile” mean? what is the benefit of saving a profile?	"PR2000 is designed as a portable travel router; that is, PR2000 will examine the existing ""Profile List"" when user changes his location."	1
What does “profile” mean? what is the benefit of saving a profile?	* [RAIDiator 4.1: USB Recovery Tool](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21400)	0
What does “profile” mean? what is the benefit of saving a profile?	The power consumption is 9.49W	0
What does “profile” mean? what is the benefit of saving a profile?	Disk drives are the only component that is replaceable. For all other hardware problems, the entire chassis will be replaced.	0
What does “profile” mean? what is the benefit of saving a profile?	WNDA3100v2 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA3100v2 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA3100v2 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA3100v2 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
What does “profile” mean? what is the benefit of saving a profile?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What drive types are supported by readydata 516?	SATA and SSD only.	1
What drive types are supported by readydata 516?	No, the option to the change the username of the router is not available. However, you can change the password to access the router's interface.	0
What drive types are supported by readydata 516?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
What drive types are supported by readydata 516?	* [How do I recover a lost or forgotten administrator password on my ReadyNAS OS 6?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29760)	0
What drive types are supported by readydata 516?	The C6300 USB 2.0 port supports 700 mA of power. Connecting USB HDD to the USB 2.0 port that requires more than 700 mA of power will require an external power supply.	0
What drive types are supported by readydata 516?	"1. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Restore Factory Settings"" button, located on the bottom of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber."	0
What exactly is aps150w?	The APS150W is the power module which is used on M4300-28G and M4300-52G.	1
What exactly is aps150w?	PTV3000 supports any android version for the Galaxy S4. Please see this [article](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23928)	0
What exactly is aps150w?	The M6100 series technical documentation and firmware updates can be found here: [http://support.netgear.com/for_business/default.aspx](http://support.netgear.com/for_business/default.aspx)	0
What exactly is aps150w?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
What exactly is aps150w?	Guest wireless networks are enabled and configured in “Wireless Guest Network” page of GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
What exactly is aps150w?	No, the VLAN feature is currently designed to separate WAN services provided by your service provider (ISP). For example, your ISP may require this feature in order to separate Internet, IPTV, and/or telephony services. It is not meant to be used to configure the LAN side of the customer's network.	0
What exactly is fs105v3?	FS105 is an unmanaged switch with five 10/100Mbps ports in a metal case and v3 means Version 3.	1
What exactly is fs105v3?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
What exactly is fs105v3?	Any 5GHz Wi-Fi channels at 149 and above is recommended for use as they can support better Wi-Fi range and performance.	0
What exactly is fs105v3?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What exactly is fs105v3?	When this happens, please go to Advanced -> Wireless Settings and select “11 b/g/n Mixed mode”. This will provide the best overall performance when there are both b/g and n clients on the network. Note while b/g clients should see better performance, that n clients will see lower performance than if the AP was configured for a pure 11n network.	0
What exactly is fs105v3?	While channel 2-4 use standard SATA connector, channel 1 uses SFF-8639 connector which supports NVMe drive. NVMe support is experimental. NETGEAR does not support it on RN3138 at this time.	0
What features require that the netgear digital entertainer software is running on a pc?	The following features require the Digital Entertainer software to be running on a PC:	1
What features require that the netgear digital entertainer software is running on a pc?	Depending on your Powerline model, you can connect up to 64 nodes (check the FAQ section for your model to make sure about exact number).	0
What features require that the netgear digital entertainer software is running on a pc?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What features require that the netgear digital entertainer software is running on a pc?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What features require that the netgear digital entertainer software is running on a pc?	* Make sure you have added the WN2000RPT MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
What features require that the netgear digital entertainer software is running on a pc?	No support for DFS channels as this product is for North American customers only.	0
What firmware versions are required for my readynas storage system and nighthawk router as part of this change?	"* ""ReadyNAS storage system"". To continue to use ReadyCLOUD after this change, you must install OS 6.5.0 or later on your ReadyNAS storage system."	1
What firmware versions are required for my readynas storage system and nighthawk router as part of this change?	Yes, the C6250 does support VPN pass-through.	0
What firmware versions are required for my readynas storage system and nighthawk router as part of this change?	The XAV101 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrades. Connect your PC to one of the XAV101 devices and run the XAV101 Configuration utility. You can upgrade all of the XAV101 devices in you home through the device.	0
What firmware versions are required for my readynas storage system and nighthawk router as part of this change?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless device, the interference is less than 2.4GHz.	0
What firmware versions are required for my readynas storage system and nighthawk router as part of this change?	Using these channels may cause interference with other devices approved to use these channels.	0
What firmware versions are required for my readynas storage system and nighthawk router as part of this change?	A6100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
What frequency does the pl p 1200 operate?	The frequencies used by PL P1200 are in the range of 2MHz to 68MHz.	1
What frequency does the pl p 1200 operate?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
What frequency does the pl p 1200 operate?	You can leave the NETGEAR router on all the time. There is no need to turn the router off.	0
What frequency does the pl p 1200 operate?	Please see below in details	0
What frequency does the pl p 1200 operate?	If you do not own a ReadyCLOUD-enabled device, you must follow these steps:	0
What frequency does the pl p 1200 operate?	a. Make sure enable the email services as required in Email Security/Policy TAB (STMP, POP3 & IMAP)	0
What frequency does the pl1000 operate?	The frequencies used by PL1000 are in the range of 2 MHz to 86 MHz.	1
What frequency does the pl1000 operate?	Your USB drive might require external power. The NeoTV 350 USB ports provide only 5 volts and 500 mA.	0
What frequency does the pl1000 operate?	 WPA-PSK (TKIP) has been removed by the Wi-Fi Alliance so on the new firmware, it may be not be there anymore.	0
What frequency does the pl1000 operate?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What frequency does the pl1000 operate?	Yes, XS708E supports Flow Control and they are enabled by default.	0
What frequency does the pl1000 operate?	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
What frequency does the pl1200 operate?	The frequencies used by PL1200 are in the range of 2MHz to 68MHz.	1
What frequency does the pl1200 operate?	Yes.	0
What frequency does the pl1200 operate?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
What frequency does the pl1200 operate?	The antennas are 3 dBi.	0
What frequency does the pl1200 operate?	MP1/2/4, Xvid, VC-1/WMV-9, H.264, OpenDivX all to 1080p	0
What frequency does the pl1200 operate?	"If the online LED on the front panel is lit, it means that the cable router is online. You can also check the online status with a browser in the routers GUI by logging in to [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) Check the Status of Network Access.  ""ALLOWED"" means the cable router is online."	0
What frequency does the plw1000 operate?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	1
What frequency does the plw1000 operate?	1. NTV550 supports Bluray profiles 1.1 and 2.0. Profile 2.0 is required to access BD Live functions, and requires attached storage of at least 1GB. The storage can be on an attached USB or eSATA device. Select a location for the attached storage in Settings -> Audio/Video -> Bluray options. If no location has been set, profile 1.1 is used.	0
What frequency does the plw1000 operate?	Yes. Unlike the WNDAP330, WNDAP350 supports concurrent 2.4 GHz band and 5 GHz band operations.	0
What frequency does the plw1000 operate?	No. Please power off fully by shutting off the rear panel switch before installing or removing a hard drive. The hard drive will not be damaged if you remove it with the EVA powered up, but the EVA will not recognize any hard drive which is installed after initial power-on.	0
What frequency does the plw1000 operate?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601, XAV1401 and XAV1301 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
What frequency does the plw1000 operate?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router, which supports: router, access point, wireless hotspot, and extender modes.	0
What frequency does the powerline signal operate?	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz.	1
What frequency does the powerline signal operate?	* [What is the ReadyCLOUD Desktop Client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29786)	0
What frequency does the powerline signal operate?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
What frequency does the powerline signal operate?	XAV101, XAV2001,XAV2501,XAV1004 and XAVN2001 (support wireless).	0
What frequency does the powerline signal operate?	No, The XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 are not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
What frequency does the powerline signal operate?	No. XAV1004 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV1004 is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
What frequency does the xav1004 operate?	The frequencies used by XAV1004 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	1
What frequency does the xav1004 operate?	The table below describes the Power/Test LED (the first LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	0
What frequency does the xav1004 operate?	The frequencies used by PL1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
What frequency does the xav1004 operate?	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	0
What frequency does the xav1004 operate?	You can add up to eight powerline devices.	0
What frequency does the xav1004 operate?	* For each XAVB5501 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What frequency does the xav101 operate?	The frequencies used by XAV101 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	1
What frequency does the xav101 operate?	A wireless range extender increases the distance of a WiFi network by repeating the WiFi signal and enhancing the overall signal quality over long distances. A WiFi range extender repeats the signals from a network's base WiFi router or access point.	0
What frequency does the xav101 operate?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
What frequency does the xav101 operate?	 POWER         Off                                                                          No power is supplied to the device	0
What frequency does the xav101 operate?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
What frequency does the xav101 operate?	"When there is a new firmware, the NeoTV Streaming Player prompts the user that there is a newer firmware available when the unit powers up, or wakes up from standby. Please follow the on screen instruction to press the ""red"" remote control button, and then press ""OK"" to perform firmware upgrade."	0
What frequency does the xav101v2 operate?	The frequencies used by XAV101v2 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	1
What frequency does the xav101v2 operate?	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select “ADVANCED” tab, then click “Administration”, “Set Password” menu. After entering in the new password, please click the “Apply” button for it to take effect.	0
What frequency does the xav101v2 operate?	* [How to diagnose backup job failures on a ReadyNAS OS 6 system](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29829)	0
What frequency does the xav101v2 operate?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What frequency does the xav101v2 operate?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What frequency does the xav101v2 operate?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information	0
What frequency does the xav5001 operate?	The frequencies used by XAV5001 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	1
What frequency does the xav5001 operate?	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change, SSID, WPA Keys, etc.) will be reset to original factory default values.	0
What frequency does the xav5001 operate?	No, the R8500 does not support jumbo frames.	0
What frequency does the xav5001 operate?	You must buy 3x3 dual band wireless adapter or 450Mbps dual band wireless adapter like NETGEAR WNDA4100 or Centrino 6300, Centrino 5300, etc. Then you must be close to the router and toward the router to see the max. link rate 450Mbps.	0
What frequency does the xav5001 operate?	1. Write down all the settings which you changed from the default values, since you may need to reenter them manually.	0
What frequency does the xav5001 operate?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
What frequency does the xav5201 operate?	The frequencies used by XAV5201 are in the range of 2MHz to 68MHz.	1
What frequency does the xav5201 operate?	"C6250 has SIP ALG enabled by default. Some of the new SIP applications may not work well with SIP ALG enabled. Please disable SIP ALG from Advanced > Setup > WAN Setup and check ""disable SIP ALG"""	0
What frequency does the xav5201 operate?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
What frequency does the xav5201 operate?	DGND3700 product is the most powerful and full featured DSL router compared to any DSL wireless router in the market today. With a Dual core processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
What frequency does the xav5201 operate?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
What frequency does the xav5201 operate?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What frequency does the xavb2001 operate?	The frequencies used by XAVB2001 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	1
What frequency does the xavb2001 operate?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the D1500 wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
What frequency does the xavb2001 operate?	"The WNR2000v4 has an option called ""Wireless AP"". This is located under  ADVANCED > ADVANCED SETUP > WIRELESS SETTINGS."	0
What frequency does the xavb2001 operate?	No. This cannot be configured on home routers.	0
What frequency does the xavb2001 operate?	Yes, you can still access the Internet if the hotspot’s LCD screen is not lit.The LCD screen goes to sleep if there is no activity on the screen, but the WiFi radio is still active. To wake up the LCD, press and quickly release the Powerbutton.	0
What frequency does the xavb2001 operate?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v3. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
What frequency does the xavb5001 operate?	The frequencies used by XAVB5001 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	1
What frequency does the xavb5001 operate?	During installation via the browser based genie, the  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER looks for the latest firmware, and if there is new firmware, router will ask user to confirm to upgrade it or not. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time when you login into the GUI.	0
What frequency does the xavb5001 operate?	1. Please make sure the connected device is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
What frequency does the xavb5001 operate?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What frequency does the xavb5001 operate?	The power consumption of XAVB5602 is 2.0 Watts in 110V AC and 2.3 Watts in 220V AC.	0
What frequency does the xavb5001 operate?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
What frequency does the xavb5101 operate?	The frequencies used by XAVB5101 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	1
What frequency does the xavb5101 operate?	If this feature is disabled, it will allow the device to stay in supporting the maximum speed. If it is Enabled, it may reduce the maximum speed of your 2.4GHz to half when the router detected another wireless network in your environment. This will avoid interference with the other networks and to co-exist with other wireless networks.	0
What frequency does the xavb5101 operate?	The default IP address is 192.168.1.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default user name “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
What frequency does the xavb5101 operate?	Yes, DGN3500 supports Wireless Distribution System (WDS). However, WDS compatibility across different platforms can be problematic.	0
What frequency does the xavb5101 operate?	A switch running PV(R)STP can communicate with a switch running IEEE standard spanning tree protocol.	0
What frequency does the xavb5101 operate?	DGND3800B automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
What frequency does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 operate?	The frequencies used by XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	1
What frequency does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 operate?	Yes, ReadyDATA has 16GB of RAM rather than 4GB.	0
What frequency does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 operate?	The C3000/C3700 currently has VPN passthrough as disabled. This will be enabled in a future firmware release. However, we do have a hotfix that you can try to enable VPN passthrough. Please click [VPN pass-through Hotfix](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26099) for more information.	0
What frequency does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 operate?	Yes, the XAVB1101 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
What frequency does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 operate?	Powercycle both R6300 routers as well as the gaming system to get a DHCP assigned IP.	0
What frequency does the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622 operate?	Please double check the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct.	0
What frequency does the xavb5501 operate?	The frequencies used by XAVB5501 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	1
What frequency does the xavb5501 operate?	During the installation via the Web genie, the R6400 looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alerts when the new firmware is available.	0
What frequency does the xavb5501 operate?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What frequency does the xavb5501 operate?	Please check whether you have a DECT cordless phone. If so, please make sure its base station is not within 3 feet (1 meter) of the router, otherwise, their signals will get mixed and you’ll experience connection issues to the router.	0
What frequency does the xavb5501 operate?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
What frequency does the xavb5501 operate?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline AV utility.	0
What frequency does the xavb5601 operate?	The frequencies used by XAVB5601 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	1
What frequency does the xavb5601 operate?	The WN2500RP cannot check whether the WEP passphrase is correct or not. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless PC will not able to get IP address from WN2500RP. You need to reset the WN2500RP to factory default to get it back.	0
What frequency does the xavb5601 operate?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
What frequency does the xavb5601 operate?	[How can I setup my ReadyNAS for FTP access over the Internet?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21480)	0
What frequency does the xavb5601 operate?	"* Select ""No, I want to configure the Internet connection myself."" option on the wizard page and click """"Next""""."	0
What frequency does the xavb5601 operate?	The Channel of EX7000 is the same as the home network in internet surfing mode. You need to change home network's channel in order to change EX7000's channel.	0
What frequency does the xavb5602 operate?	The frequencies used by XAVB5602 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	1
What frequency does the xavb5602 operate?	D7000 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
What frequency does the xavb5602 operate?	This feature is not available on the DGN1000v1. It is only available on the DGN1000v3.	0
What frequency does the xavb5602 operate?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
What frequency does the xavb5602 operate?	No, PL1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible with HomePlug AV1.0.	0
What frequency does the xavb5602 operate?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
What frequency does the xavb6504 operate?	The frequencies used by XAVB6504 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	1
What frequency does the xavb6504 operate?	A wireless range extender increases the distance of a WiFi network by repeating the WiFi signal and enhancing the overall signal quality over long distances. A WiFi range extender repeats the signals from a network's base WiFi router or access point.	0
What frequency does the xavb6504 operate?	ReadyNAS Vault stores your offsite in the Cloud. It is maintained (at a minimum) on multiple devices across several facilities in a system designed to protect the loss of data in one of the facilities, so that even large-scale natural disasters do not pose a threat to the integrity and security of user data. While we do not disclose the exact locations of the facilities, our technical team partners with Amazon Web Services to utilize their physical infrastructure. For more info, see [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208282596-Where-is-my-account-data-physically-stored- ](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208282596-Where-is-my-account-data-physically-stored-Â )	0
What frequency does the xavb6504 operate?	The Nighthawk WiFi Router has two USB ports. The USB 3.0 port is located on the front panel of the router. The USB 2.0 port is located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as a USB printer, and the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 hard drives.	0
What frequency does the xavb6504 operate?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What frequency does the xavb6504 operate?	Yes, it is work for 2.5.3 firmware of the Stora. Please see [http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html](http://support.netgear.hipserv.com/release_notes/v_2_5_3.html).	0
What happen after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change) will be reset to original factory default values.	1
What happen after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	802.11 g&b Wireless mode: Supports up to 54Mbps.	0
What happen after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	* For each XAVB5601 devices, press its Security button for >1.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What happen after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What happen after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What happen after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What happens after i reset the c6300 cable modem to factory default settings?	After you reset the C6300 to factory default settings, any previous changes you have made in GUI will no longer be there. The unit has return back to original factory default values.	1
What happens after i reset the c6300 cable modem to factory default settings?	The table below describes the WPS (the LED on the WPS push button of front panel) behaviors.	0
What happens after i reset the c6300 cable modem to factory default settings?	No, your DM111PSPv2 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
What happens after i reset the c6300 cable modem to factory default settings?	Yes. This device does support IPv6.	0
What happens after i reset the c6300 cable modem to factory default settings?	The D7800 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
What happens after i reset the c6300 cable modem to factory default settings?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router. Users can put the switch either at “wireless” or “wired” position depending on the use scenario. “Wired” position is selected if the Internet is reachable from a wired connection, for instance, by a DSL modem or another router’s LAN port. Otherwise, “wireless” position is preferred if a user wants to share a Hotspot wireless connection among various wireless devices.	0
What happens after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change, SSID, WPA Keys, etc.) will be reset to original factory default values.	1
What happens after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What happens after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What happens after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	The D500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
What happens after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	Yes, region can be changed.	0
What happens after i reset the unit to factory default settings?	* PV(R)STP (CLI only)	0
What happens after i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	After you reset the unit to its factory default settings, the set-up changes that you did (e.g., password change) will be rest to original factory default values.	1
What happens after i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to Airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an Airplay ready device, such as Apple TV or Airplay ready receivers.	0
What happens after i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	It supports 4 types of QoS service. This includes QoS settings for applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. The user can configure QoS based the way the product is used to set internet traffic priority for the best efficiency for the user's situation.	0
What happens after i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX6100. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX6100. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router. To get the translated MAC address:	0
What happens after i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	A6210 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6210 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6210 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6210 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
What happens after i reset the unit to its factory default settings?	XS708E supports loop detection (not prevention). When a loop is detected, both LEDs on the affected ports will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second. Loop detection is user configurable and it is disabled by default.	0
What happens if my licenses have expired, and several weeks or months have passed before i purchase a new license?	We encourage you to renew your license on time to avoid any backdating penalty and take advantage of existing and new features.	1
What happens if my licenses have expired, and several weeks or months have passed before i purchase a new license?	There are some approaches.	0
What happens if my licenses have expired, and several weeks or months have passed before i purchase a new license?	The remote application on the iPad is only using iTunes as a remote control to play content using the iPad/iPhone. It merely sees the files and can play them just like an external remote control. The actual files are installed on the computer.	0
What happens if my licenses have expired, and several weeks or months have passed before i purchase a new license?	WNDR3700 product is the most powerful and full featured router compared to any wireless router in the market today. With a 680 MHz power processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that WNDR3700 provides.	0
What happens if my licenses have expired, and several weeks or months have passed before i purchase a new license?	The frequencies used by XAV101 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
What happens if my licenses have expired, and several weeks or months have passed before i purchase a new license?	* For each XAVB5101 devices, press its Security button for >0.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What happens when supervisory blade in slot-1 gets replaced after removal?	When Supervisory blade in Slot-1 is removed, hitless failover automatically happens and Back-up blade in Slot-2 becomes the ‘new’ Supervisor. Now, when the blade in Slot-1 has been serviced and/or replaced, nothing happens automatically, by design. The admin has to issue a command in the CLI (movemanagement <2> <1>) or perform a GUI configuration (System > Chassis > Basic > Chassis Configuration) in order to request reverse fail back to Slot-1 as the new Supervisor slot. This provides more control to the admin, while ensuring non-stop switching/routing and hitless fail back mechanism for the entire fabric and management. Network traffic isn’t impacted by the fail back.	1
What happens when supervisory blade in slot-1 gets replaced after removal?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet is strongly recommended to get the best performances. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
What happens when supervisory blade in slot-1 gets replaced after removal?	NETGEAR will release the firmware upgrade tool on XAV101v2 product page to upgrade the devices to the latest firmware.	0
What happens when supervisory blade in slot-1 gets replaced after removal?	No, when you configure your device for ReadyCLOUD, you can register your new product to a MyNETGEAR.com.com account and use the MyNETGEAR login to begin using ReadyCLOUD.	0
What happens when supervisory blade in slot-1 gets replaced after removal?	The USB port allows user to download/upload switch firmware or configuration file using USB flash device. It is also used to recover the firmware image through the utility menu during boot up. It is more effective and easier than using XMODEM serial port protocol for file transfer.	0
What happens when supervisory blade in slot-1 gets replaced after removal?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX6100 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
What hd modes are supported by the component outputs of the eva700?	720p and 1080i.	1
What hd modes are supported by the component outputs of the eva700?	The default setting is ADSL mode. To change to Ethernet WAN mode, login to Web genie. Go to ‘Advanced’ > ‘Setup’ > ‘WAN Setup’ and change the ‘WAN Preference to “Must use Ethernet WAN”, then click ‘Apply’.	0
What hd modes are supported by the component outputs of the eva700?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS, and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What hd modes are supported by the component outputs of the eva700?	Customers must use the AC785 with an active SIM card which can be purchased from a mobile operator in your country. Data plan fees apply, and are sold directly by the mobile operator.	0
What hd modes are supported by the component outputs of the eva700?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. GSS116E supports the Auto DoS but GSS108E doesn’t.	0
What hd modes are supported by the component outputs of the eva700?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
What if i am not able to connect from my computer to the wifi booster?	The best connection is established when there is a clear line of sight between the WiFi Booster and the computer you are using. If this straight path is blocked by a thick wall or other materials, move the WiFi Booster to a different location that is equal distance between the Booster and the existing router. If after trying out several spots and the computer is still not able to connect to the Booster, move the Booster closer to the PC as instructed in Question 2.	1
What if i am not able to connect from my computer to the wifi booster?	Single Rate Policing feature enables support for Single Rate Policer as defined by RFC 2697:	0
What if i am not able to connect from my computer to the wifi booster?	If your client has good wifi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	0
What if i am not able to connect from my computer to the wifi booster?	Yes, WNDAP350 supports both bands 5 GHz-a, n/a mode and 2.4 GHz-b, b/g, b/g/n modes.	0
What if i am not able to connect from my computer to the wifi booster?	WNDA4100 can support 802.1x setting, WPA-enterprise and WPA2-enterprise. User must use Microsoft Wireless Auto Config tool (Or Wireless Zero Config tool in XP) to select the credential. Adapter genie doesn’t provide GUI page for user to select credential.	0
What if i am not able to connect from my computer to the wifi booster?	DGND3700 product is a powerful and full featured DSL router with a Dual core processor to handle the most computation intensive tasks easily. It simultaneously supports Wi-Fi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
What if i am using a 5ghz wi-fi channel in the range i should not be using and do not change?	Using these channels may cause interference with other devices approved to use these channels.	1
What if i am using a 5ghz wi-fi channel in the range i should not be using and do not change?	NO! The DST6501 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
What if i am using a 5ghz wi-fi channel in the range i should not be using and do not change?	DDR3 non-buffered ECC DIMM, see compatible memory type here	0
What if i am using a 5ghz wi-fi channel in the range i should not be using and do not change?	Yes, the EVA9000 can access NAS devices directly. ( NOTE: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA9000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
What if i am using a 5ghz wi-fi channel in the range i should not be using and do not change?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
What if i am using a 5ghz wi-fi channel in the range i should not be using and do not change?	The R6200v2 adopts the latest 11ac latest chip sets, supports a USB 3.0 port, and 256MB Flash memory for future software features expansion.	0
What if i cannot connect or maintain a good connection between the wifi booster and my existing router? how do i improve the link rate led from red or amber to green?	Once you successfully connect to the WiFi Booster from a computer that is outside the range of your existing router and log into  WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, the Smart Wizard will guide you through the process to connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router. If the Link Rate is red or the Smart Wizard simply cannot connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router, please move the WiFi Booster closer to the existing router or to a different spot where it provides a better line of sight. As you are moving the WiFi Booster, continue to check the Link Rate and the PC to WiFi Booster Connection LEDs on the front panel until you find a location where either one of the conditions in Question 1 is met. Note that you may have to unplug the WiFi Booster as you move it to a different location. If so, from the new location, power up the WiFi Booster and continue to check the LEDs.	1
What if i cannot connect or maintain a good connection between the wifi booster and my existing router? how do i improve the link rate led from red or amber to green?	Environmental factors, Operational overhead, differences between different transport standards (UDP vs. TCP vs. WFT) and the way each standard optimizes the data overhead (typically for error handling).	0
What if i cannot connect or maintain a good connection between the wifi booster and my existing router? how do i improve the link rate led from red or amber to green?	No, the VLAN feature is currently designed to separate WAN services provided by your service provider (ISP). For example, your ISP may require this feature in order to separate Internet, IPTV, and/or telephony services. It is not meant to be used to configure the LAN side of the customer's network.	0
What if i cannot connect or maintain a good connection between the wifi booster and my existing router? how do i improve the link rate led from red or amber to green?	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole on the back panel of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and when you see all four left LEDs (looking from front) start to blinking at the same time, release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	0
What if i cannot connect or maintain a good connection between the wifi booster and my existing router? how do i improve the link rate led from red or amber to green?	The DGND3700 does not have debug functions and there is no way of accessing it via command line.	0
What if i cannot connect or maintain a good connection between the wifi booster and my existing router? how do i improve the link rate led from red or amber to green?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
What if i do not have any devices registered with mynetgear.com?	To continue to access your ReadyCLOUD account, you must create a MyNETGEAR.com account and link it to your ReadyCLOUD account. For step-by-step instructions, see the following KB articles:	1
What if i do not have any devices registered with mynetgear.com?	"The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit and marked with ""RESET"". Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 7 seconds to bring the unit to factory default settings."	0
What if i do not have any devices registered with mynetgear.com?	The DGND3700 does not have debug functions and there is no way of accessing it via command line.	0
What if i do not have any devices registered with mynetgear.com?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
What if i do not have any devices registered with mynetgear.com?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable internet service. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
What if i do not have any devices registered with mynetgear.com?	Please take caution when using the Ethernet Port Aggregation feature when connecting the router's AGGREGATE ports to a switch. The router's AGGREGATE ports use 802.3ad LACP (Link Aggregation Control Protocol) to perform port aggregation. LACP is typically found on Smart Managed Switches and Fully Managed switches. It will not work on a regular unmanaged switch. If you do not know what type of switch you have, please check with the switch manufacturer's website to confirm whether or not LACP is supported on your switch.	0
What if i do not want to migrate to the mynetgear.com account?	After the migration, a MyNETGEAR account is required to use the ReadyCLOUD service. The ReadyCLOUD services will only be enabled for the following:	1
What if i do not want to migrate to the mynetgear.com account?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What if i do not want to migrate to the mynetgear.com account?	Only the following third-party modules are compatible with M6100 Chassis Switch:	0
What if i do not want to migrate to the mynetgear.com account?	Your media may have copy protection mechanisms preventing playback on Intel Wireless Display.	0
What if i do not want to migrate to the mynetgear.com account?	Up to 54Mbps” supports the 802.11g & 802.11b standards. “Up to 145Mbps” and “Up to 300Mbps” modes support the 802.11N specification and use 20MHz and 40MHz bandwidths, respectively. “Up to 300Mbps” will provide the maximum performance in most cases, “Up to 145Mbps” may work better in areas with more interference from other access points.	0
What if i do not want to migrate to the mynetgear.com account?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What if i lost my password?	The password can be restored with the Factory Defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	1
What if i lost my password?	Yes! With the free remote access function and an Internet connection, you can access your Stora to view or stream content over any web enabled device anywhere in the world at anytime.	0
What if i lost my password?	You can connect your NeoTV Streaming Player to your broadband Internet connection either wired or wirelessly (WiFi). You may need a network router or access point if your Cable/DSL modem does not have free ports or wireless support.	0
What if i lost my password?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
What if i lost my password?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
What if i lost my password?	The default login name (case sensitive) is  ADMIN and the default login password (case sensitive) is  PASSWORD.	0
What if i run out of outlets in the wall?	"XAV2602 is one of ""Pass Thru"" Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won't be able to occupy the original electrical outlet."	1
What if i run out of outlets in the wall?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
What if i run out of outlets in the wall?	We recommend using LACP IEEE 802.3ad Dynamic Link aggregation mode. For the hash type, we recommend using Layer 2 + 3.	0
What if i run out of outlets in the wall?	In an effort to bring more connectivity and simplicity to NETGEAR customers, NETGEAR is combining your ReadyCLOUD account with a single sign-on (SSO) account at MyNETGEAR.com. This means that you can use your MyNETGEAR.com account to connect to your ReadyCLOUD-enabled devices.	0
What if i run out of outlets in the wall?	JGS524E supports loop detection. When a loop is detected, the left LED on the affected port will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second.	0
What if i run out of outlets in the wall?	* [Recovering a folder with ReadyCLOUD](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29795)	0
What if i run out of outlets on the wall?	PLP1200 is one of “Pass Thru” Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won’t be able to occupy the original electrical outlet.	1
What if i run out of outlets on the wall?	This device supports 20/40 MHz Coexistence, AP feature, Brute Attack protection, IPV6 and Traffic Meter.	0
What if i run out of outlets on the wall?	Active antennas are designed by NETGEAR. It improves both the Wi-Fi speed and range for Wi-Fi clients connected to the R8500. The main purposes of this design is to avoid noise from the main board from interfering with the Wi-Fi signal, and to increase power to achieve greater Wi-Fi performance and range.	0
What if i run out of outlets on the wall?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
What if i run out of outlets on the wall?	No. NETGEAR Manageable switches does support it.	0
What if i run out of outlets on the wall?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA4100.	0
What if the arrow led is still blinking blue after i moved the wn3100rp several times?	"If after repositioning the WN3100RP, one of the Arrow LED is still blinking, then it means you did not succeed to position the Extender in an ""ideal"" location where it would give the best performance."	1
What if the arrow led is still blinking blue after i moved the wn3100rp several times?	* For each XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 device, press its Security button for > 1.5, < 5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What if the arrow led is still blinking blue after i moved the wn3100rp several times?	All of our NETGEAR ReadyNAS devices with two Ethernet ports such as model RN100/200/300/500/700 desktops series and ReadyNAS RN2000/3000/4000 rack-mount series support port aggregation. Other 3rd party storage devices that supports link aggregation will work as well.	0
What if the arrow led is still blinking blue after i moved the wn3100rp several times?	No. V1 firmware image is not compatible with V2 firmware image and vice versa.	0
What if the arrow led is still blinking blue after i moved the wn3100rp several times?	We recommend that you use the USB cable and power adapter that came with your Arlo Q camera. Different USB cables or power adaptors might not be able to provide stable or enough power to Arlo Q.	0
What if the arrow led is still blinking blue after i moved the wn3100rp several times?	To obtain an optimum performance and usability, we recommend users to use NETGEAR powerline product like XE102, WGX102 or XE104. They are tested and proven on interoperability. Furthermore, XE103 85Mbps Wall-Plugged Ethernet Adapter is compatible to the HomePlug standard; it operates with all other devices being compatible to this standard.	0
What if there is a mismatch between one switch running pvstp and another switch running pvrstp?	PVSTP is based on 802.1s and PVRSTP is based on 802.1w. When a switch running PVRSTP receives PVSTP BPDU, then the switch falls back to the lower version (PVSTP) after its migration-delay timer expires.	1
What if there is a mismatch between one switch running pvstp and another switch running pvrstp?	* Check the LED on the front panel of the Digital Entertainer HD to make sure the power is on. Make sure the television is turned on. If the LED on the front panel is not on push “power” on the remote and / or make sure the unit is plugged in.	0
What if there is a mismatch between one switch running pvstp and another switch running pvrstp?	The maximum WiFi clients supported is 32.	0
What if there is a mismatch between one switch running pvstp and another switch running pvrstp?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input. Using a paperclip or sharp object press and hold the reset button for about 10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
What if there is a mismatch between one switch running pvstp and another switch running pvrstp?	The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, 5GHz is a less interference prone wireless frequency, so it is more suitable to run time sensitive applications like video or voice. We encourage you to utilize the 5GHz band with devices that support 5GHz band like iPad/iPhone 5 etc.	0
What if there is a mismatch between one switch running pvstp and another switch running pvrstp?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
What if there is no power outlet half-way between my existing router and my pc?	The ideal location to place the WiFi Booster is half-way between the existing router and the PC that is outside the range of the existing wireless router. If there isn't a power outlet at this location or you prefer not to place the WiFi Booster at this location, move the Booster closer to the PC. As long as either one of the conditions in Question 1 is met, the WiFi Booster will function as expected.	1
What if there is no power outlet half-way between my existing router and my pc?	No, the C6300 does not currently support this feature.	0
What if there is no power outlet half-way between my existing router and my pc?	Yes, any M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) support hot-swap and hot-plug.	0
What if there is no power outlet half-way between my existing router and my pc?	DLNA on the routers only acts as a file server for the videos. Subtitles should be supported by the media player being used.	0
What if there is no power outlet half-way between my existing router and my pc?	Solid Green                        Powered on and ready for use	0
What if there is no power outlet half-way between my existing router and my pc?	ReadyNAS Vault is a cloud backup solution pre-installed or readily available on all ReadyNAS systems as an installable application. Backup anything on your ReadyNAS to secure, offsite servers with no additional hardware to manage. ReadyNAS Vault is an added layer of protection, ideal for achieving geographic redundancy for data stored on your ReadyNAS.	0
What is  wireless-n?	Wireless-N draft 802.11n version 2.0: The 802.11n standard will be the next generation of high-speed Wi-Fi, capable of delivering the range and capacity to support today's most bandwidth-hungry applications, like streaming HD (High Definition) video, voice and music. The IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers) Task Group-N committee is still working to finalize the standard. It is currently expected to be ratified in July of 2009. In the mean time, the WiFi Consortium is certifying Wireless-N products against the draft 2.0 revision of the standards. This creates a de-facto standard in the market that users can take advantage of. NETGEAR Wireless-N products are all WiFi certified.	1
What is  wireless-n?	Yes, the R6400 needs to rescan all of the music files when HDD is plugged back in.	0
What is  wireless-n?	No, the WNR2000v5 does not support this function.	0
What is  wireless-n?	1. Make sure your AP not legacy 11b/g, this kind of AP have no enough bandwidth to support HD play.	0
What is  wireless-n?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
What is  wireless-n?	For assistance in securing your wireless network, see [Securing your wireless network using WPA2](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/112)	0
"What is ""readyshare airmusic"" feature?"	ReadySHARE AirMusic lets you play music wirelessly from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Android device. The music is played on audio speakers, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system. Please visit the links below for more information:	1
"What is ""readyshare airmusic"" feature?"	The LAN port LED is amber if your device is connected to 10/100 Mbps Ethernet. The LAN port LED is white if your device is connected to Gigabit Ethernet..	0
"What is ""readyshare airmusic"" feature?"	The frequencies used by XAVB5601 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
"What is ""readyshare airmusic"" feature?"	D6000 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
"What is ""readyshare airmusic"" feature?"	This is correct as per the extenders design algorithm. All clients connected to the extender will get DHCP IP from the router via the extenders virtual mac address.	0
"What is ""readyshare airmusic"" feature?"	If you have setup multiple users on one computer and you accessed a share folder in WNR2200 then switch to another user account on same computer > you may encounter a problem accessing a share folder in WNR2200 USB port. This is Windows authority behavior. It keeps the existing authority and blocks another user account. The solution for this problem is either:	0
"What is ""readyshare music"" feature?"	ReadySHARE Music lets you play music from your computer on a remote audio speaker, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system.	1
"What is ""readyshare music"" feature?"	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
"What is ""readyshare music"" feature?"	R6900 supports 2.4GHz + 256 QAM Wi-Fi. Current market availability does not yet support 256 QAM. When available, R6900 users can take immediate advantage of the speed boost.	0
"What is ""readyshare music"" feature?"	It supports a maximum of four concurrent VPN clients.	0
"What is ""readyshare music"" feature?"	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
"What is ""readyshare music"" feature?"	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
"What is ""readyshare usb storage access"" feature?"	ReadySHARE USB Storage Access allows you to share the content of a hard disk or memory stick connected to the XAU2511 USB port across your home network.	1
"What is ""readyshare usb storage access"" feature?"	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
"What is ""readyshare usb storage access"" feature?"	The DST6501 DST adapter needs a router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The DST will work with wired or wireless type of routers.	0
"What is ""readyshare usb storage access"" feature?"	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
"What is ""readyshare usb storage access"" feature?"	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
"What is ""readyshare usb storage access"" feature?"	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is 11ac beamforming?	Beamforming is a radio wave technology that is written into the next generation IEEE Wi-Fi 802.11ac standard. This technology allows the beamformer (Router) to transmit radio signal in the direction of the beamformee (Client), thus creating a stronger, faster and more reliable wireless communication.	1
What is 11ac beamforming?	Once you successfully connect to the WiFi Booster from a computer that is outside the range of your existing router and log into  WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, the Smart Wizard will guide you through the process to connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router. If the Link Rate is red or the Smart Wizard simply cannot connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router, please move the WiFi Booster closer to the existing router or to a different spot where it provides a better line of sight. As you are moving the WiFi Booster, continue to check the Link Rate and the PC to WiFi Booster Connection LEDs on the front panel until you find a location where either one of the conditions in Question 1 is met. Note that you may have to unplug the WiFi Booster as you move it to a different location. If so, from the new location, power up the WiFi Booster and continue to check the LEDs.	0
What is 11ac beamforming?	No.	0
What is 11ac beamforming?	1. Launch a web browser from a computer or WiFi device that is connected to the routerâ€™s network.	0
What is 11ac beamforming?	In North America, NETGEAR Powerline products work with 110 volt 2-prong or 3-prong electrical outlets. Outside of North America, there are country specific plugs for the Powerline products sold in those regions.	0
What is 11ac beamforming?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
What is 20/40 mhz coexistence?	If this feature is disabled, it will allow the device to stay in supporting the maximum speed. If it is Enabled, it may reduce the maximum speed of your 2.4GHz to half when the router detected another wireless network in your environment. This will avoid interference with the other networks and to co-exist with other wireless networks.	1
What is 20/40 mhz coexistence?	If your product does not have a serial number, it has been refurbished. The serial number is not required to register your product. Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Register%20a%20refurbished%20product) with:	0
What is 20/40 mhz coexistence?	Timemachine backup may sometimes fail due to several reasons. Please follow the criteria below to ensure that your Timemachine backup is successful.	0
What is 20/40 mhz coexistence?	Make sure your PC is connected to the WiFi Booster by using the SSID and the passphrase that you have just set up, and clicking the Refresh button in your browser. This will return you to the Smart Wizard.	0
What is 20/40 mhz coexistence?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601 and XAV1401 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
What is 20/40 mhz coexistence?	Yes, it is possible. There are no conflicts with that kind of setup.	0
What is 4g?	4G is the fourth generation of wireless. 2G brought us digital voice and text messaging. 3G brought us Smartphones, fast web browsing and apps.	1
What is 4g?	PLP1200 is one of “Pass Thru” Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won’t be able to occupy the original electrical outlet.	0
What is 4g?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device and see if it works.	0
What is 4g?	First, look at the power LED on the front panel of the devices. Both units should be lit solid green or fast blinking. If the bridge side is not connected to the AP, the bridge unit will blink 3 times and repeat that pattern. Once the bridge LED shows connected to AP, you can use the “Config Assistant” tool to find all WNHDE111 devices that are connected in the network. If you bought a bundle, they should connect with each other out of box after plugging one to the router. If the two devices do not connect to each other, press the WPS button on both units (within 2 minutes of the first press), they should connect to each other in a few minutes.	0
What is 4g?	Yes, there's a USB port on the back of the R6220; it's a USB 2.0 port. You can use this USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready Share printer.	0
What is 4g?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is a prosafe plus switch?	It's an upgrade from unmanaged switch which can only be Plug-N-Play, and is not configurable. ProSAFE Plus switch gives user the flexibility to configure certain static layer 2 settings for more visibility, better reliability and improved network performance.	1
What is a prosafe plus switch?	Additional info can be found at [NETGEAR ReadySHARE](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
What is a prosafe plus switch?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is a prosafe plus switch?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is a prosafe plus switch?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is a prosafe plus switch?	* MBR1515 WiFi router connects to the Verizon Wireless 4G LTE network via a 4G LTE wireless modem embedded in the router	0
What is a prosafe web managed switch?	It's an upgrade from unmanaged switch which can only be Plug-N-Play, and is not configurable. ProSAFE Web Managed switch gives user the flexibility to configure fundamental settings.	1
What is a prosafe web managed switch?	[How can I setup my ReadyNAS for FTP access over the Internet?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21480)	0
What is a prosafe web managed switch?	With many Internet Service Providers now restricting the maximum allowable traffic per month, many customers find out the hard way that their Internet usage exceeds what’s allowed by the ISP and as a result having to pay premium for over-usage.With Broadband Usage Meter, the router sends an warning to you indicating that you are close to reaching the limit.The generation of the warning message is customizable in the GUI and with this feature you are now safe from being surprised at the end of the month when the bill arrives.	0
What is a prosafe web managed switch?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA4100.	0
What is a prosafe web managed switch?	The M6100-3S chassis provides extra high-density in 4U height (7 inches – 17.78cm) and 17.39 inches depth (44.16cm).	0
What is a prosafe web managed switch?	No. XAV1004 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV1004 is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
What is a sim card?	A  SUBSCRIBER IDENTITY MODULE OR SUBSCRIBER IDENTIFICATION MODULE (SIM) is an integrated circuit card that securely stores the International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI) and the related key used to identify and authenticate subscribers on devices (such as mobile phones, computers and the MBR1515). The MBR1515 requires an activated SIM card and Verizon Wireless 4G LTE service plan subscription.	1
What is a sim card?	One possible cause is the TV and the EVA8000 are on two different ground planes, which can cause the hissing sound through the speakers. To correct this purchase a power strip with a surge suppressor and plug both the TV and the EVA8000 into this strip. Both devices will now be using the same ground plane and the hissing or buzzing should go away.	0
What is a sim card?	Each Ethernet port has two LEDs located on the left side of the unit.	0
What is a sim card?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
What is a sim card?	For C3000, the IP address 192.168.1.* to 192.168.7.* are reserved for guest network. For C3700, the IP address 192.168.1.* to 192.168.7.* and 192.168.21.* to 192.168.27.* are reserved for guest network.	0
What is a sim card?	WNDA3100v2 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA3100v2 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA3100v2 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA3100v2 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
What is an active antenna and how does it benefit me?	Active antennas are designed by NETGEAR. It improves both the Wi-Fi speed and range for Wi-Fi clients connected to the R8300. The main purposes of this design is to avoid noise from the main board from interfering with the Wi-Fi signal, and to increase power to achieve greater Wi-Fi performance and range.	1
What is an active antenna and how does it benefit me?	Yes, but only using static IP addresses.	0
What is an active antenna and how does it benefit me?	* Go to BASIC>FastLane page	0
What is an active antenna and how does it benefit me?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only music files are supported.	0
What is an active antenna and how does it benefit me?	One bottleneck of network traffic can be when both ports on the Powerline are streaming data at the same time. The XAV2602 is designed to have two Ethernet ports: One Video port and one Data port for users to connect more network devices. That means you could utilize both ports at the same time and create heavy load traffic to the Powerline network. In that case, some packets could be dropped due to the limitation of the Powerline bandwidth. Therefore, the XAV2602 supports Port-based QoS mechanism that helps you prioritize the traffic going through the Video and Data ports at the same time. NETGEAR recommends that you connect the network devices that generate high priority traffic to the Video port. For instance, you could connect your multimedia server, router, and network-attached storage device to the Video port. It will guarantee the media streaming traffic passing through the Powerline network gets a higher priority than the traffic coming through the Data port. On the other hand, you could connect your PC to the Data port of XAV2602, as your PC does not generate heavy load traffic to the Powerline network.	0
What is an active antenna and how does it benefit me?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
What is aps150w form factor?	It is 1.5 x 2.0 x 7.3 in. (39 x 50.5 x 185 mm).	1
What is aps150w form factor?	The wireless device’s MAC Address will be translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the WN2500RP. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not able to get IP address from WN2500RP. You have to add the translated MAC address into the router to allow this wireless device to access Internet.	0
What is aps150w form factor?	It supports a maximum of four concurrent VPN clients.	0
What is aps150w form factor?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
What is aps150w form factor?	* Keep 1-2m away from electronics that generate RF interference (e.g., microwave, TV, phone)	0
What is aps150w form factor?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What is auto dos (denial-of-service) prevention?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature of XS708E would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. It is not configurable and enabled by default.	1
What is auto dos (denial-of-service) prevention?	Solid Green                        Powered on and ready for use	0
What is auto dos (denial-of-service) prevention?	The SSID and the wireless password are printed at the bottom of the router.	0
What is auto dos (denial-of-service) prevention?	No, the QoS on the router is for Internet traffic, not layer 2 QoS in LAN side by the powerline devices.	0
What is auto dos (denial-of-service) prevention?	Please make sure the wireless radio is enabled. If it is not, you can press the WiFi on/off radio button for 2 seconds to turn it on. The WiFi on/off button is located on the front panel of the device.	0
What is auto dos (denial-of-service) prevention?	The R6200v2 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6200v2 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	0
What is broadband usage meter?	With many Internet Service Providers now restricting the maximum allowable traffic per month, many customers find out the hard way that their Internet usage exceeds what’s allowed by the ISP and as a result having to pay premium for over-usage.With Broadband Usage Meter, the router sends an warning to you indicating that you are close to reaching the limit.The generation of the warning message is customizable in the GUI and with this feature you are now safe from being surprised at the end of the month when the bill arrives.	1
What is broadband usage meter?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What is broadband usage meter?	It supports 4 type QoS service. It includes applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. User can base on his behavior to setup internet traffic priority to get best efficiency.	0
What is broadband usage meter?	Push-N-Connect is a feature which makes it very simple to connect wireless devices (notebooks, desktops, etc.) to a secure wireless network without needing to remember security pass phrases, or security method (WEP, WPA-PSK, WPA2). The user only needs to select the wireless network that they want to connect to, and then press the Push-N-Connect button on the router. Push-N-Connect does the rest. Push-N-Connect must be supported on the router and each wireless device in order to take advantage of this feature. Push-N-Connect is based on the WiFi Protected Setup (WPS) standard.	0
What is broadband usage meter?	Please connect to EX2700 through wired, and login at http://www.mywifiext.net, and check the wireless setting page.If you still cannot access the extender, please reset it back to factory default.	0
What is broadband usage meter?	There is a USB port on the back side of R6250; it's a USB 3.0 port. You could use the USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready SHARE printer. The USB 3.0 read/write speed is 2-3 times faster than USB2.0 port.	0
What is channel width and how should it be configured?	802.11n introduced the concept of channel bonding, which effective uses 2 channels to transmit and receive instead of one channels there by using 40 MHz wide channels instead of the traditional 20Mhz wide channels. This increases the maximum predictable capacity from 802.11n devices. Channel width should be selected according to your deployed network.	1
What is channel width and how should it be configured?	The frequencies used by XAVB5001 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	0
What is channel width and how should it be configured?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX6100 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
What is channel width and how should it be configured?	The switch running PV(R)STP transmits IEEE standard spanning tree BPDUs along with SSTP BPDUs. SSTP BPDUs are PV(R)STP dedicated BPDUs.	0
What is channel width and how should it be configured?	The GS324 has a 3 year warranty. In China and India a 1 year warranty applies.	0
What is channel width and how should it be configured?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
What is clearchannel selector?	Wireless networks are often congested with interference from neighboring Wi-Fi routers, as well as from other household appliances. The ClearChannel Selector feature on your router automatically scans for the clearest and fastest available channels, dynamically avoiding busy Wi-Fi channels. ClearChannel Selector is enabled by default on your WNDR3800 router. You can select the sensitivity level for the ClearChannel Selector. Sensitivity level settings are High, Medium (the default setting), and Low. If you change the setting to High, your wireless channel may switch channels frequently, or occasionally disconnect.	1
What is clearchannel selector?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
What is clearchannel selector?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drive. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the JNR3210 (please note that JNR3000 does not support USB port) at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
What is clearchannel selector?	Not at this time.	0
What is clearchannel selector?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is clearchannel selector?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What is default admin password?	password	1
What is default admin password?	The WNA3100M is a WiFi 11n 2.0 certified product, and it’s following the new WiFi regulations. On the new regulations, you can only achieve up to 54 Mbps when WPA (TKIP) security mode is set. Please set the security mode to WPA2 or WPA/WPA2 mixed mode in your wireless router and WNA3100M to gain 802.11n mode connection speed.	0
What is default admin password?	Press and hold Reset switch, then use short press to toggle through menu entries, use long press to confirm selection. For details, please check RN3138 hardware manual.	0
What is default admin password?	[How do I change the file and folder permission on the ReadyNAS that is attached to domain controller?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21506)	0
What is default admin password?	NETGEAR Downstream QoS will prioritize the video streaming traffic over other traffic. This is helpful when you have multiple devices in the home competing for bandwidth with simultaneous downloads. Here are some of the possible reasons for the lack of video streaming improvement:	0
What is default admin password?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
What is default ip of readydata?	See quick installation guide.	1
What is default ip of readydata?	The D3600/D6000 devices have the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wired and/or WiFi connection.	0
What is default ip of readydata?	Yes. The Intel Wireless Display supports the following display modes.	0
What is default ip of readydata?	Please reset WiFi Booster back to factory default and setup again.	0
What is default ip of readydata?	The maximum power consumption of XAV1101 is 3 Watts.	0
What is default ip of readydata?	You can use the following to log in:	0
What is different led light status mean?	The LEDs from top to bottom represent the status of Power/System, Ethernet, and Wireless.	1
What is different led light status mean?	Yes, there's a USB port on the back of the R6220; it's a USB 2.0 port. You can use this USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready Share printer.	0
What is different led light status mean?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product. For more information, see [How to update firmware on your NETGEAR product](https://kb.netgear.com/000053880/How-to-update-firmware-on-your-NETGEAR-product).	0
What is different led light status mean?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setupâ„¢) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
What is different led light status mean?	MicroUSB can be used as a power source for PR2000 from a laptop USB port while traveling. The USB 2.0 port can be used for ReadySHARE Storage or printer function when PR2000 is powered by Alternative Current (AC) source. USB 2.0 port can also act as a charger for your portable device, such as cell phone when PR2000 is plugged in (AC) socket.	0
What is different led light status mean?	Yes, the XAVB5601 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
What is dst?	DST is an acronym for Dead Spot Terminator. DST is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via electrical wiring in your home. The standard is called HomePlug AV (HPAV2).	1
What is dst?	 Yes, the NeoTV Prime uses Google TV, which uses the android platform. For more information on Google TV, you can go to the Google Developers sit at https://developers.google.com/tv/faq .	0
What is dst?	First, look at the power LED on the front panel of the devices. Both units should be lit solid green or fast blinking. If the bridge side is not connected to the AP, the bridge unit will blink 3 times and repeat that pattern. Once the bridge LED shows connected to AP, you can use the “Config Assistant” tool to find all WNHDE111 devices that are connected in the network. If you bought a bundle, they should connect with each other out of box after plugging one to the router. If the two devices do not connect to each other, press the WPS button on both units (within 2 minutes of the first press), they should connect to each other in a few minutes.	0
What is dst?	The EVA8000 uses a network share or USB drive to store some of its settings. This location is user definable and is normally configured during setup. This location can be changed to a different location at any time by choosing the following from the Home menu:  MORE >  SUPERVISOR FUNCTIONS >  ADVANCED SETTINGS >  MEDIA LIBRARY MANAGEMENT >  DATA SAVE LOCATION.	0
What is dst?	* [Recovering a folder with ReadyCLOUD](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29795)	0
What is dst?	Your router needs to do lots of computation to provide you with detailed real time bandwidth statistics for each connected device and applications running on them. To minimize the impact on other router features and functionalities, it is designed to provide statistics on a request/update basis. Please click the  REFRESH button on  ATTACHED DEVICES page to update your bandwidth statistics.	0
What is eva700?	The Digital Entertainer - EVA700 connects a TV or home entertainment system to your computer network. This enables streaming digital movies, videos, music, radio and photos from your PC to the entertainment system.	1
What is eva700?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
What is eva700?	No, the EVA8000 does not get very hot, though it is recommended that it have decent ventilation, since like any piece of electronics it will build up heat over time.	0
What is eva700?	DGND3700 product is the most powerful and full featured DSL router compared to any DSL wireless router in the market today. With a Dual core processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	0
What is eva700?	The C6300 supports up to 16 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	0
What is eva700?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the WiFi Booster network. In your browser, type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, as illustrated in Step 4 on the first page of this Installation Guide. If you still cannot access the WiFi Booster, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET.	0
What is high-speed cable internet access?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	1
What is high-speed cable internet access?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What is high-speed cable internet access?	The power consumption of PL1200 is 1.93W when the ethernet cable is connected , 0.49W standby mode (Ethernet cable disconnected or Ethernet link lost).	0
What is high-speed cable internet access?	No, manual firmware upgrade is not supported on cable modem products. Your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware for your modem. Firmware upgrades for modems take place automatically through your internet connection.	0
What is high-speed cable internet access?	* The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If the power LED lights amber and blinks, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What is high-speed cable internet access?	During normal operation, the XAV2501 automatically goes into power saving mode when the Ethernet link is down for 10 minutes. When in power saving mode, the XAV2501 leaves power saving mode when the Ethernet link is back.	0
What is homeplug?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	1
What is homeplug?	This is a different routing setup which is more of a classical routing. It is recommended to confirm it with the ISP to know what type of device they would support for this kind of setup or you can use one of the business line routers of NETGEAR to compare what device you would need.	0
What is homeplug?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
What is homeplug?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 Mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
What is homeplug?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is homeplug?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee) compliance?	802.3az is an IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) standard, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	1
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee) compliance?	The DM200 is compatible with ADSL, ADSL2, ADSL2+, VDSL and VDSL2 connection types. Furthermore, the DM200 can be configured in both Bridge (Modem Only) mode and router mode.	0
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee) compliance?	The USB HDD can be accessed by entering the IP address \\192.168.0.5 in the Windows explorer. The USB Hard Drive will show up as ‘storage0’ (The second USB will show up as ‘storage1’). The current Graphical User Interface (GUI) of the initial shipping firmware doesn't provide ReadySHARE information. It will be supported in the next firmware release.	0
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee) compliance?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR3800 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee) compliance?	While channel 2-4 use standard SATA connector, channel 1 uses SFF-8639 connector which supports NVMe drive. NVMe support is experimental. NETGEAR does not support it on RN3138 at this time.	0
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee) compliance?	"If the online LED on the front panel is lit, it means that the cable router is online. You can also check the online status with a browser in the routers GUI by logging in to [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) Check the Status of Network Access.  ""ALLOWED"" means the cable router is online."	0
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee)?	802.3az is an IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) standard, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	1
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The newest and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee)?	ReadySHARE Cloud gives you remote access over the Internet to a USB storage device that is connected to your router’s USB port.	0
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is ieee 802.3az energy efficient ethernet (eee)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is intelligent qos?	DGND3700 automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the Internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	1
What is intelligent qos?	A6200 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6200 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac also provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
What is intelligent qos?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
What is intelligent qos?	Push ’N’ Connect is an easy way to connect your wireless devices to the router without remembering passwords and SSIDs. DGN3500 supports WiFi Protected Setup (WPS), a WiFi Alliance standard specification which enables Push ‘N’Connect. You need to have a WPS enabled Wireless-N client or adapter like WN111 for Push ’N’ Connect to work with DGN3500.	0
What is intelligent qos?	You can use these ports to connect a flash drive, or a USB external drive (hard drive), or a larger personal USB drive that is powered separately.	0
What is intelligent qos?	During normal operation, the XAV2501 automatically goes into power saving mode when the Ethernet link is down for 10 minutes. When in power saving mode, the XAV2501 leaves power saving mode when the Ethernet link is back.	0
What is jbod?	It is an acronym of Just a Bunch of Disks. There is no Raid configured and the user will utilize the disk as they were single disks.	1
What is jbod?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
What is jbod?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is jbod?	R7500 support maximum backup file size up to 500GB now.	0
What is jbod?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What is jbod?	The DST will work with wired or wireless routers. The DST6501 adapter needs a router to provide IP addresses to connected devices.	0
What is jgs524e?	This is a 24-port Gigabit switch. It belongs to the new “ProSAFE Plus Switches” family.	1
What is jgs524e?	External USB will boot automatically when a flag file named: NTGR_USBBOOT_INFO.txt exists on the root of the drive. For more info on USB recovery see here	0
What is jgs524e?	* PV(R)STP (CLI only)	0
What is jgs524e?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5001 Configuration utility.	0
What is jgs524e?	Only the following third-party modules are compatible with M6100 Chassis Switch:	0
What is jgs524e?	During installation via the Web genie, R6200v2 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
What is lte?	LTE (Long Term Evolution) is the next generation of wireless which uses an IP (Internet Protocol) based infrastructure. LTE will help enable Wireless Services to continue to meet increasing customer demands for a higher bandwidth, low latency service that works broadly in the United States and globally. Also, a majority of carriers around the world have chosen LTE as their long term direction. This will help Wireless meet consumer demand for mobilizing the many applications consumers frequently use when tethered to high-bandwidth wired networks.	1
What is lte?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
What is lte?	You cannot disable standby mode (sleep mode). There are no plans add this feature at this time.	0
What is lte?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is lte?	 The R6100 was designed to provide the fastest Wi-Fi speed at the lowest possible price, with the latest Wi-Fi standard 802.11ac connectivity.	0
What is lte?	NETGEAR has developed a full range of 802.11ac wireless routers and Wi-Fi 802.11ac adapters that integrate the beamforming technique as defined in the IEEE 802.11ac draft specification. This standard based implementation allows for interoperability with any other client device that supports beamforming as defined by Wi-Fi Alliance.	0
What is m6100-3s chassis fabric speed?	M6100-3S distributed fabric speed is 480 Gbps inter-module. Each slot provides 8 x 10G unidirectional access to the backplane (80G half-duplex and 160G full-duplex per slot).	1
What is m6100-3s chassis fabric speed?	a. Yes, there is option under Web Security page in STM150	0
What is m6100-3s chassis fabric speed?	* Please make sure the connected PC/NB or mobile phone is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
What is m6100-3s chassis fabric speed?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 145Mbps or 300Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
What is m6100-3s chassis fabric speed?	4G LTE Broadband is currently available in many major cities and airports nationwide, and will continue to expand service to cities and towns across the US. To see current availability, check the [Coverage Map](http://network4g.verizonwireless.com/#/coverage).	0
What is m6100-3s chassis fabric speed?	The 20/40MHz Connection is enabled. This is a feature on the router to make the 2.4GHz frequency connection become more stable on the router since there is a lot of interference when using this frequency. You can enable/disable this feature by going to  ADVANCED > ADVANCED SETUP > WIRELESS SETTINGS.	0
What is m6100-3s chassis poe budget?	Depending on the number of power supplies and the I/O blades combination, M6100-3S chassis can provide up to 6,000W PoE budget. For instance, all 144 ports (Max 1G capacity) can provide each full PoE+ 30W per port or 41.5W UPOE power per port. Another example, up to 99 ports can provide full UPOE 60W per port.	1
What is m6100-3s chassis poe budget?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
What is m6100-3s chassis poe budget?	Precision RF engineering has made it capable for the WNDR3700 to extend the range of 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz network to the limits. While this router is great to use in large homes and range challenge settings, you might not need the benefit of the highest range the router is capable off.	0
What is m6100-3s chassis poe budget?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
What is m6100-3s chassis poe budget?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3800 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
What is m6100-3s chassis poe budget?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that both the router link LED and the client link LED are lit and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://www.mywifiext.net)	0
What is m6100-3s total throughput?	M6100-3S chassis total throughput is 357 Mpps (Million packets per second) inter-module and 1,071 Mpps intra-module.	1
What is m6100-3s total throughput?	The SPI firewall that the R7000 is built-in but cannot be customized.	0
What is m6100-3s total throughput?	Use your TV remote control to adjust your sound levels.	0
What is m6100-3s total throughput?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What is m6100-3s total throughput?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAV1004 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What is m6100-3s total throughput?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is memory type supported by rdd516?	DDR3 1333/1600 un-buffered ECC DIMM. There are two memory slots, each supports up to 8GB memory module. RDD516 is shipped with maximum possible memory configuration.	1
What is memory type supported by rdd516?	Yes, the XAVB5501 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
What is memory type supported by rdd516?	UserName: admin	0
What is memory type supported by rdd516?	The USB port allows user to download/upload switch firmware or configuration file using USB flash device. It is also used to recover the firmware image through the utility menu during boot up. It is more effective and easier than using XMODEM serial port protocol for file transfer.	0
What is memory type supported by rdd516?	"Please delete the WN111v2?.exe process in task manager and click ""Ignore"" to continue the installation."	0
What is memory type supported by rdd516?	The WNR3500v1 (not WNR3500v2) has blue lights on the top of the router which illustrate the activity of the internal antennas. The lights are not required however, and customers can choose to turn them off simply by pushing the light on/off button on the back of the router.	0
What is miracast and which devices are supported?	Miracast™ **is a new certification program based on the Wi-Fi Display specification.Miracast™ certification demonstrates that a device can quickly transmit video content from one Miracast™-certified device to another, even without access to a Wi-Fi® **network.NETGEAR hopes to achieve Miracast™ certification for the Push2TV in early 2013.	1
What is miracast and which devices are supported?	The default IP address is 192.168.1.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
What is miracast and which devices are supported?	Yes, the N450 supports Parental Controls through th E CONTENT FILTERING>  BLOCK SITES Feature. However, OpenDNS Live Parental Control (LPC) is currently not supported. We are working to implement this feature in the near future.	0
What is miracast and which devices are supported?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What is miracast and which devices are supported?	Yes, the XAV1004 support port-based and user service based Q0s	0
What is miracast and which devices are supported?	One unique way ReadyNAS can help businesses is by providing constant access to your secure data from anywhere. Everyone is familiar with cloud solutions hosted on the internet. Consumers use free services from Google, Microsoft, Apple for email, backup, calendaring, etc. But for businesses those solutions can be very expensive. There are also concerns over security and privacy. With ReadyNAS all the data is hosted on your device, but you can access your data through mobile applications or the ReadyCLOUD portal. Each solution will create a secure VPN-like tunnel directly to your ReadyNAS. Now you can access your data with the ease of the cloud without any of the concerns of using a 3rd party to host your data.	0
What is multiple ssid?	With multiple SSID, you can set up more than one wireless network in your home and by controlling the access to each network, you can assure that your personal PC and private networked information are kept in a private network while your guests can enjoy the freedom of wireless Internet access in your home.	1
What is multiple ssid?	Pick a plug is a technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
What is multiple ssid?	Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Remove%20registered%20product) with:	0
What is multiple ssid?	Either one is fine. Both units come in with “Auto” mode, they will correctly set itself to AP mode when plugging behind the router.	0
What is multiple ssid?	For the old ( SMART WIZARD) router interface:	0
What is multiple ssid?	There is no option to upgrade firmware in the GUI. This is part of the DOCSIS specifications. Once a firmware is available by NETGEAR, this firmware will be provided to the MSO for certification. Once the FW is certified, the MSO will push the FW down to their customers. NETGEAR does not have an ETA when the new firmware will be rolled out to their customers.	0
What is mynetgear sso?	In an effort to bring more connectivity and simplicity to NETGEAR customers, NETGEAR is combining your ReadyCLOUD account with a single sign-on (SSO) account at MyNETGEAR.com. This means that you can use your MyNETGEAR.com account to connect to your ReadyCLOUD-enabled devices.	1
What is mynetgear sso?	It is an omnidirectional antenna and vertical position is suggested for better wireless coverage.	0
What is mynetgear sso?	The PC Access feature shows the PC screen, but it's like a remote access application - it doesn't do full video. So while your screen saver will show, any animations will not look good. This feature is really designed for checking e-mail quickly or some basic web browsing.	0
What is mynetgear sso?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the extender and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
What is mynetgear sso?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
What is mynetgear sso?	The power consumption is 9.49W	0
What is netgear beamforming+?	NETGEAR has developed a full range of 802.11ac wireless routers and Wi-Fi 802.11ac adapters that integrate the beamforming technique as defined in the IEEE 802.11ac draft specification. This standard based implementation allows for interoperability with any other client device that supports beamforming as defined by Wi-Fi Alliance.	1
What is netgear beamforming+?	The CMD31T supports all major ISP carriers in the US including Comcast, TWC, Charter, Cablevision, Cox as well as CableLabs certified ISPs. Please verify with your ISP if it is CableLabs certified.	0
What is netgear beamforming+?	XCM8948 blade (48 x 1G RJ45) and XCM8944 blade (40 x 1G RJ45, 2 x SFP+, 2 x 10GBASE-T) can be equipped with a PoE daughter card for turning on PoE, PoE+ and/or UPOE on every Gigabit RJ45 ports on the blade. It means than any blade XCM8948 or XCM8944 can be upgraded with PoE at any point of time, and possibly downgraded if the application has changed. This is much more flexible than built-in PoE line-cards for instance, and it provides great investment protection in case of UPOE upgrade: only the daughter card would be upgraded, not the blade – hence lowering the cost and removing the need for re-configuration. There are two different PoE daughter cards: XCM89P for PoE+ and XCM89UP for UPOE. One daughter card per I/O blade is required.	0
What is netgear beamforming+?	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
What is netgear beamforming+?	Arlo Q cameras can detect motion from as far as 50 feet away. In addition, you can create up to three motion detection zones so that motion in detected in specific areas within the camera frame.	0
What is netgear beamforming+?	Please note that the firmware version before v1.0.0.34 (initial release) only supports Traffic Meter for WAN types on PPPoE or PPTP mode. Traffic Meter for WAN type with DHCP or Static IP mode will be supported on future FW release.	0
What is network address translation (nat)?	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet. This device is equiped with NAT.	1
What is network address translation (nat)?	ReadySHARE Cloud gives you remote access over the Internet to a USB storage device that is connected to your router’s USB port.	0
What is network address translation (nat)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is network address translation (nat)?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives. The Nighthawk X6 might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R8000 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
What is network address translation (nat)?	"XAV2602 is one of ""Pass Thru"" Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won't be able to occupy the original electrical outlet."	0
What is network address translation (nat)?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router, which supports: router, access point, wireless hotspot, and extender modes.	0
What is network address translation?	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet.	1
What is network address translation?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is network address translation?	GSS108E and GS116E support loop detection. When a loop is detected, both left and right LED on the affected port will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second.	0
What is network address translation?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5602 configuration utility.	0
What is network address translation?	Aim the remote at the front of the NeoTV 350.	0
What is network address translation?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
What is new in dgnd3700v2?	DGND3700v2 improves the product features further from the award winning DGND3700v1:	1
What is new in dgnd3700v2?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV5201 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What is new in dgnd3700v2?	Arlo Q cameras use 2.4GHz and 5GHz.	0
What is new in dgnd3700v2?	Any Network Storage device can be connected to the NETGEAR Router's Ethernet port. Just make sure that it is getting a valid IP address from our router so it will be visible from the network. Mapping or accessing the files from the NAS using a computer is beyond NETGEAR's support scope. Please refer to the manufacturer of the NAS for additional assistance.	0
What is new in dgnd3700v2?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What is new in dgnd3700v2?	Follow these tips to get the best performance from your range extender:	0
What is open source?	Open source is the software created by a community of people who are dedicated to work together in a collaborative way. The most important difference between software created by the open source communities and commercial software sold by vendors is that open source software is published under licenses that ensure the source code is available to everyone to inspect, change, download, and explore as they wish. The source code can be obtained and improved by anyone with the right skills.	1
What is open source?	Ethernet port aggregation allows the router to combine Ethernet ports 1 and 2 for data transfer to a supporting device, such as a NAS. The router supports 802.3ad link aggregation protocol, and will improve the aggregation file download and upload speeds to over the 1G boundary. Ethernet port aggregation is also referred to as link aggregation, teaming port, and port trunking.	0
What is open source?	The WNDA3100 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n draft 2.0 specification. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers/access points. WNDA3100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 300Mbps. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop.	0
What is open source?	The device has one power LED:	0
What is open source?	In a typical situation where signal strength is improved, the data throughput will also be improved. However, there are many factors and variables impacting data speeds such as amount of traffic on the network, number of people connecting to the same network cell, the type of data you are accessing, etc. So, it also possible that in some circumstances the signal on the device is significantly improved, but the data speeds will remain the same. Most often this is when the network is slow and even the weaker signal is getting maximum throughput.	0
What is open source?	* For each XAVB6504 device, press its Security button for 1.5, 5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is pick a plug diagnostic feature?	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	1
What is pick a plug diagnostic feature?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
What is pick a plug diagnostic feature?	Yes, R6220 supports VLAN/IPTV with firmware version 1.1.0.34 or newer.	0
What is pick a plug diagnostic feature?	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
What is pick a plug diagnostic feature?	The Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router has two USB ports. Both the USB 3.0 port and USB 2.0 are located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as a USB printer and the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 hard drives.	0
What is pick a plug diagnostic feature?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
What is pick a plug?	Pick a plug is a technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	1
What is pick a plug?	The NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses 2 antennas. The transmit function uses up to 2 antennas and the receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
What is pick a plug?	If you want to connect a third device in your bedroom to the network, simply buy a WNHDE111 unit, push the WPS button on the unit connected to your router and within 2 min, push the WPS button on the new unit. The devices exchange all the SSID and security information automatically and get connected. WPS is based on a standard by WiFi Alliance and will be available in many client devices. WNHDE111 Push ’N’ Connect function is already WPS certified and works with other WPS certified APs or clients.	0
What is pick a plug?	There are three internal antennas inside the case of WN802T-200. The fixed orientations of the antennas are designed to give the optimal performance. There is no need to fiddle with external antennas for better reception and transmission.	0
What is pick a plug?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WPN824N, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network.	0
What is pick a plug?	Ethernet port aggregation only allow the device which supported and configured the 802.3ad link aggregation to connect to it. If connect to 2 ports to the regular switch, it will cause the network broadcast storm (looping). Please be aware of it.	0
What is policy based routing new feature?	The Policy Based Routing feature overrides routing decision taken by the router and makes the packet to follow different actions based on a policy. It provides freedom over packet routing/forwarding instead of leaving the control to standard routing protocols based on L3.	1
What is policy based routing new feature?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 145Mbps” on 2.4GHz and “Up to 433Mbps” on 5GHz.	0
What is policy based routing new feature?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
What is policy based routing new feature?	Use this method if you have a wireless router or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
What is policy based routing new feature?	The Channel of EX6200 is the same as the home network in internet surfing mode. You need to change home network's channel in order to change EX6200's channel.	0
What is policy based routing new feature?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is power over ethernet (poe) and how do i use it?	Power over Ethernet (PoE) is an IEEE 802.3af standard technology that resides on the RJ-45 port. This enables an Ethernet cable to power the access point via a switch which also has IEEE 802.3af PoE support. This option means fewer cables and eliminates the need to place the WNDAP350 near a power outlet.	1
What is power over ethernet (poe) and how do i use it?	Arlo Q delivers video in 1080p HD. It also comes with two-way audio so that you can both listen and talk back and forth.	0
What is power over ethernet (poe) and how do i use it?	WNDA4100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA4100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
What is power over ethernet (poe) and how do i use it?	The R7300 DST comes with 1 year of support from GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for assistance.	0
What is power over ethernet (poe) and how do i use it?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information	0
What is power over ethernet (poe) and how do i use it?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is powerline adapters?	Powerline adapters allows you to turn any electrical power outlet into a high-speed Internet and home network connection. Each Powerline network requires at least two Powerline adapters, although more can be added. The standard is called HPAV2.	1
What is powerline adapters?	N450 means the maximum WiFi speed of the router.	0
What is powerline adapters?	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	0
What is powerline adapters?	It is likely that the extender is placed at the borderline of the range covered by the router. To resolve this, follow the instructions in Getting Started on page 6. If you are using WEP security, make sure that you are typing the wireless key in the correct field.	0
What is powerline adapters?	The C6300 USB 2.0 port supports 700 mA of power. Connecting USB HDD to the USB 2.0 port that requires more than 700 mA of power will require an external power supply.	0
What is powerline adapters?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem router products, your cable provider is responsible for pushing the firmware upgrade to your unit after they have certified it.	0
What is powerline?	Powerline uses a home's existing electrical wiring to network computers in different rooms so that they can share files, printers, and Internet connections. NETGEAR Powerline products use existing electrical outlets. If your wiring is modern and up to code, there is no need to rewire outlets or to install special filters.	1
What is powerline?	ReadyNAS devices can service multiple needs. The most common uses in business are backup, file server, and virtualization. You can safely backup all your data from any computer to the ReadyNAS. The ReadyNAS even provides options to copy data to another off-site ReadyNAS for disaster recovery in case of fires, floods, or other disasters or copy data to the cloud. File Servers are efficient ways to share data among employees, customers, and partners. No more emailing files back and forth. As businesses grow and start to host their own servers onsite, virtualization becomes a must to achieve high efficiency. ReadyNAS is certified with VMware, Citrix, and Hyper-V.	0
What is powerline?	 STEP 1: Physically connect the USB hard drive to your Mac.	0
What is powerline?	No, the AC785 does not work without a paid data plan. Data plan and SIM card can be purchased from a mobile operator in your area.	0
What is powerline?	There are some approaches.	0
What is powerline?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only the music files are supported.	0
What is preset wireless security?	WNDR3400v3 came with configured SSID and Passphrase. Users do not need to configure the wireless SSID and passphrase to set security. The SSID and Passphrase are printed on the back of the router.	1
What is preset wireless security?	If you have setup multiple users on one computer and you accessed a share folder in WNR2200 then switch to another user account on same computer > you may encounter a problem accessing a share folder in WNR2200 USB port. This is Windows authority behavior. It keeps the existing authority and blocks another user account. The solution for this problem is either:	0
What is preset wireless security?	Currently the EVA9000 supports the following container formats: AVI, DivX, Xvid WMV, MOV, VOB, MPG, MP1, MP2, MP4, ISO, IFO, M4V, TS, M2TS, MKV, MKA.	0
What is preset wireless security?	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. Please find more details at [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
What is preset wireless security?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is preset wireless security?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 145Mbps” on 2.4GHz and “Up to 433Mbps” on 5GHz.	0
What is push n connect? will it work with my laptop’s internal wireless?	Push ’N’ Connect is an easy way to connect your wireless devices to the router without remembering passwords and SSIDs. DGN1000 supports WiFi Protected Setup (WPS), a WiFi Alliance standard specification which enables Push ‘N’Connect. You need to have a WPS enabled Wireless-N client or adapter like WN111v2 for Push ’N’ Connect to work with DGN1000.	1
What is push n connect? will it work with my laptop’s internal wireless?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is push n connect? will it work with my laptop’s internal wireless?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is push n connect? will it work with my laptop’s internal wireless?	NETGEAR keeps improving the supported set top box information, but if you cannot find the correct codes during first time setup, Please skip this setting and finish the setup. As we add new firmware upgrades, we will continue to improve the supported set top boxes, which might include support for your model set top box.	0
What is push n connect? will it work with my laptop’s internal wireless?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is push n connect? will it work with my laptop’s internal wireless?	The unit can be set to pure “bridge” or “modem” mode by configuring the Device Mode page listed in the firmware Management Interface under Advanced.	0
What is push-n-connect?	Push-N-Connect is a feature which makes it very simple to connect wireless devices (notebooks, desktops, etc.) to a secure wireless network without needing to remember security pass phrases, or security method (WEP, WPA-PSK, WPA2). The user only needs to select the wireless network that they want to connect to, and then press the Push-N-Connect button on the router. Push-N-Connect does the rest. Push-N-Connect must be supported on the router and each wireless device in order to take advantage of this feature. Push-N-Connect is based on the WiFi Protected Setup (WPS) standard.	1
What is push-n-connect?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB2101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What is push-n-connect?	"You can use a web browser and type the URL: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) the login name is ""admin"" (without the double quotes) and the password is ""password"" (without the double quotes)."	0
What is push-n-connect?	* Each Ethernet port has one LED.	0
What is push-n-connect?	It depends on the mode you have selected. The extender is designed to connect wirelessly to the router in “Extender” mode and to connect with an Ethernet cable to the router in “Access Point” mode.	0
What is push-n-connect?	For Charter customer only: If you are a new customer or if you switched to the New Package Pricing after June 26, 2012, you have to use the modem provided by Charter. However, if you are a customer before June 26, 2012 and are told that Charter does not accept customer-owned modem, please escalate your case to the customer support manager and ask to have your modem activated.	0
What is pv(r)stp new feature?	This is Per VLAN Spanning Tree and Per VLAN Rapid Spanning Tree. There is no IEEE standard yet for Per VLAN (R)STP, but NETGEAR implementation follows the same rules than other vendor’s Per VLAN (R)STP for interoperability:	1
What is pv(r)stp new feature?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2 MHz to 86 MHz.	0
What is pv(r)stp new feature?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB6504 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What is pv(r)stp new feature?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is pv(r)stp new feature?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
What is pv(r)stp new feature?	Yes, WiFi Booster can use a different security key and security type from your router’s settings. WiFi Booster security type can be WPA-PSK, WPA2-PSK, WEP, or none security. Please note, only the WEP key need to consonance with your router’s setting if you chose WEP for your router and WiFi Booster. For example, if your router’s security type is WEP, security key is “1234567890”, and you also configure WiFi Booster’s security type to WEP, then the passphrase must be “1234567890”.	0
What is qos?	QoS stands for Quality of Service. It’s the ability in a router to differentiate Internet traffic by type—such as video, voice and data—and assign different priority to that traffic to maximize available bandwidth. With basic QoS, streaming content—like videos or games—gets higher priority over lighter traffic like email or chat sites.	1
What is qos?	NETGEAR's Stora includes two hard drive bays. You can set up the second hard drive to mirror your data, making backup and restoration simple. The Stora can use Raid which is a technology that introduce disks redundancy. If your Stora is configured to use Raid 1 or Mirror, the mirrored drive will guarantee data access if the one disk fails.	0
What is qos?	Arlo Q cameras use the following bandwidth when they are streaming:	0
What is qos?	Any SATA hard drive should work. If you have one available, please test and let us know the model number (shown on screen in the Hard drive info screen).	0
What is qos?	* For each PLP1200 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is qos?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product .	0
What is quality of service? does wnr3500 have it?	Quality of Service (QoS) prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port. QoS is built into NETGEARâ€™s WNR3500.	1
What is quality of service? does wnr3500 have it?	* For each XAVB5001 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is quality of service? does wnr3500 have it?	With multiple SSID, you can set up more than one wireless network in your home and by controlling the access to each network, you can assure that your personal PC and private networked information are kept in a private network while your guests can enjoy the freedom of wireless Internet access in your home.	0
What is quality of service? does wnr3500 have it?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is quality of service? does wnr3500 have it?	No. Like other night vision cameras, the video will appear black and white, possibly with a bit of a greenish tint.	0
What is quality of service? does wnr3500 have it?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	0
What is readyshare cloud?	ReadySHARE Cloud gives you remote access over the Internet to a USB storage device that is connected to your router’s USB port.	1
What is readyshare cloud?	The NeoTV Streaming Player does not go to standby when the current display is in the channels. The standby/screen saving feature follows individual channel design.	0
What is readyshare cloud?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is readyshare cloud?	D1500 provides a simplified version of repeater function. It connects to its uplink router like a client connects to a router. Below are the steps:	0
What is readyshare cloud?	Yes, the XAVB2101 support VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
What is readyshare cloud?	After you have successfully setup the WPN824N to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	0
What is readyshare print?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	1
What is readyshare print?	3G: HSPA / UMTS @ 2100MHz and 2G: GSM / GPRS @ 900/ 1800MHz	0
What is readyshare print?	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
What is readyshare print?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
What is readyshare print?	WEP and WPA-PSK [TKIP] (for 54Mbps only)	0
What is readyshare print?	You are more than welcome contacting NETGEAR Sales organization, for instance at (408) 907-8000 or by email: [sales@netgear.com](mailto:sales@netgear.com). NETGEAR Sales Engineers will help you design M6100 perfectly. You can also visit [www.netgear.com/m6100](http://www.netgear.com/m6100) and download “M6100 basic configurator”, or “M6100 expert configurator” files under Resources tab.	0
What is required to make my 4g mobile broadband wireless router work?	* MBR1515 WiFi router connects to the Verizon Wireless 4G LTE network via a 4G LTE wireless modem embedded in the router	1
What is required to make my 4g mobile broadband wireless router work?	With fimrware v1.0.2.12 and higher, the  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER will now support 15 additional 5GHz channels for interference free operation. As 5GHz gets crowded with more routers, availability of additional channels can greatly improve WiFi performance.	0
What is required to make my 4g mobile broadband wireless router work?	The Policy Based Routing feature overrides routing decision taken by the router and makes the packet to follow different actions based on a policy. It provides freedom over packet routing/forwarding instead of leaving the control to standard routing protocols based on L3.	0
What is required to make my 4g mobile broadband wireless router work?	"During the first boot after an upgrade to ReadyNAS OS 6.4.0, the ReadyNAS needs to complete a quota check. On some units such as the RN100/RN2120, this can be very time consuming and the unit may be in the ""Booting..."" process for quite some time while it completes the quota check. If your device appears in RAIDar, it is likely performing the quota check as expected and your ReadyNAS should not be restarted during this process. If your device does not appear in RAIDar, contact [NETGEAR Support](http://support.netgear.com/general/contact/)."	0
What is required to make my 4g mobile broadband wireless router work?	This is a different routing setup which is more of a classical routing. It is recommended to confirm it with the ISP to know what type of device they would support for this kind of setup or you can use one of the business line routers of NETGEAR to compare what device you would need.	0
What is required to make my 4g mobile broadband wireless router work?	Because the M6100 series is designed upon an innovative “distributed fabric” which removes the need for a dedicated supervisory module, while providing a passive backplane, redundant fabric and redundant management – all with non-stop forwarding world-class resiliency and availability. As a result, all four M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) are equipped with dedicated hardware and software high-end distributed fabric on board. When inserted in Slot 1, any I/O blade will handle the Supervisory Role. When inserted in Slot 2, any I/O blade will handle the Back-up Supervisory role. It brings simplicity for management and maintenance or upgrades, while providing better availability and resiliency than any competitive solution in this price range.	0
What is single rate policing new feature?	Single Rate Policing feature enables support for Single Rate Policer as defined by RFC 2697:	1
What is single rate policing new feature?	Environmental factors, Operational overhead, differences between different transport standards (UDP vs. TCP vs. WFT) and the way each standard optimizes the data overhead (typically for error handling).	0
What is single rate policing new feature?	The Nighthawk WiFi Router boosts WiFi speeds on 2.4 GHz with support for 256 QAM. This is a specific mode-Turbo QAM supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more WiFi clients based on 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure that even when you connect on the 2.4 GHz band with these 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
What is single rate policing new feature?	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate WiFi networks simultaneously using both 2.4- and 5- frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated WiFi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
What is single rate policing new feature?	Qualcomm 8200A	0
What is single rate policing new feature?	The first 3 bytes of MAC address is translated into 02:0F:B5 as mentioned above. Please log into router and add translated MAC addresses into IP reservation list.	0
What is smart connect?	Smart Connect balances your 5 GHz WiFi connections into two different radio bands: the 5 GHz radio 1 band and the 5 GHz radio 2 band. The router uses Smart Connect to choose the best radio band for your device to give you the best WiFi performance.	1
What is smart connect?	The WNR2000v5 does not come with an installation CD. It has a new feature called NETGEAR genie that will help with the installation of the router.	0
What is smart connect?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
What is smart connect?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is smart connect?	Please visit [http://www.mystora.com/homebase/premium_comparaison](http://www.mystora.com/homebase/premium_comparaison) for more information.	0
What is smart connect?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is snapshot? and how does it help my business?	ReadyNAS is the most sophisticated storage product for Small Businesses in the market. Included in ReadyNAS are the same data protection features found in Enterprise storage solutions like Snapshots. Snapshots provide continuous data protection and the ability to restore files and iSCSI LUNs to any point in time. All of this protection can be automated and requires no end-user intervention. Users can restore their own files from the past providing a complete self-service IT solution.	1
What is snapshot? and how does it help my business?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
What is snapshot? and how does it help my business?	The M6100-3S empty chassis is not orderable as a separate SKU. The M6100-3S empty chassis only comes with M6100-44G3-POE+ or M6100-44GF3 or M6100-24X3 starter kit bundles.	0
What is snapshot? and how does it help my business?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What is snapshot? and how does it help my business?	The XAV1004 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrade.	0
What is snapshot? and how does it help my business?	An electronic license will mean that there is no printed license key card included with the ProSECURE product. It is entirely electronic and means that the serial number of the product will be tied to a license on the NETGEAR licensing servers.	0
What is so special about the dm200 vdsl/adsl modem?	The DM200 is compatible with ADSL, ADSL2, ADSL2+, VDSL and VDSL2 connection types. Furthermore, the DM200 can be configured in both Bridge (Modem Only) mode and router mode.	1
What is so special about the dm200 vdsl/adsl modem?	Yes, the Mobile Hotspot is secure.Only users with the Wi-Fi key can connect over Wi-Fi, and Wi-Fi security is pre-set to mixed WPA/WPA2	0
What is so special about the dm200 vdsl/adsl modem?	User can configure Port LED, Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping and Broadcast Storm Filtering.	0
What is so special about the dm200 vdsl/adsl modem?	The admin logins for this models should also be admin for username and password for password, unless the router was reflashed with a third party firmware. There were cases that it was found out that the router was autoset as AP because there is an existing modem/router in the network. In such cases, you may set the router as AP via LAN to LAN setup.	0
What is so special about the dm200 vdsl/adsl modem?	Yes, the Mobile Hotspot is secure.Only users with the Wi-Fi key can connect over Wi-Fi, and Wi-Fi security is pre-set to mixed WPA/WPA2	0
What is so special about the dm200 vdsl/adsl modem?	R6900 supports 2.4GHz + 256 QAM Wi-Fi. Current market availability does not yet support 256 QAM. When available, R6900 users can take immediate advantage of the speed boost.	0
What is so unique about the wnhdb3004?	WNHDB3004 is the highest performing Wireless gear in the market in terms of reliability of streaming 1080P streams over WiFi in a large single family home.	1
What is so unique about the wnhdb3004?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What is so unique about the wnhdb3004?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is so unique about the wnhdb3004?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
What is so unique about the wnhdb3004?	The XAV101 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrades. Connect your PC to one of the XAV101 devices and run the XAV101 Configuration utility. You can upgrade all of the XAV101 devices in you home through the device.	0
What is so unique about the wnhdb3004?	Additional info can be found at [NETGEAR ReadySHARE](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
What is special about the d1500 dsl gateway?	The D1500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	1
What is special about the d1500 dsl gateway?	Use Intel Wireless Display to check the wireless connection and reconnect to the Push2TV adapter if necessary.If the situation continues, try moving your laptop closer to the Push2TV adapter or place it in a location with a clear line of sight to the Push2TV adapter. Changing the channel of your WiFi router may also help.	0
What is special about the d1500 dsl gateway?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What is special about the d1500 dsl gateway?	The default IP address is 192.168.1.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
What is special about the d1500 dsl gateway?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV5001 Configuration utility.	0
What is special about the d1500 dsl gateway?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
What is special about the d3600/d6000 dsl gateway?	The D3600/D6000 devices have the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wired and/or WiFi connection.	1
What is special about the d3600/d6000 dsl gateway?	Stora is a comprehensive home network storage system that lets you store, share and protect music, movies, photos and data using any device on your home network and over the Internet.	0
What is special about the d3600/d6000 dsl gateway?	During installation via the browser based genie, the D7000 looks for the latest firmware, and if there is new firmware, router will ask user to confirm to upgrade it or not. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time when you login into the GUI.	0
What is special about the d3600/d6000 dsl gateway?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
What is special about the d3600/d6000 dsl gateway?	WNDA3100 can be configured to work at certain speed and certain frequency. The option is available via the NETGEAR Smart Wizard’s advance option on the network tab for the network adapter.	0
What is special about the d3600/d6000 dsl gateway?	1. Check if an update is available from the Internet.	0
What is special about the d500 dsl gateway?	The D500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	1
What is special about the d500 dsl gateway?	Yes, latest version of the Desktop Genie can be downloaded from NETGEAR web site [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng).	0
What is special about the d500 dsl gateway?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 65Mbps or 150Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
What is special about the d500 dsl gateway?	If your ReadyNAS systems are not listed in the ReadyCLOUD portal after you complete the upgrade of your account, double check the local Admin page for the following items:	0
What is special about the d500 dsl gateway?	No, before APS150W is installed into the M4300-28G or M4300-52G power module slot, be sure to disconnect the AC power cord from APS150W.	0
What is special about the d500 dsl gateway?	Yes, if Ethernet port 1 and Ethernet port 2 are not connected to an Ethernet port aggregation supported device, they act just like regular Ethernet ports.	0
What is special about the d7800 dsl gateway?	The D7800 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	1
What is special about the d7800 dsl gateway?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product .	0
What is special about the d7800 dsl gateway?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is special about the d7800 dsl gateway?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What is special about the d7800 dsl gateway?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
What is special about the d7800 dsl gateway?	The device has one power LED:	0
What is the antenna connector at the rear used for?	WNDAP350 has inbuilt 6dbi Omni-directional monopole antennas under the black plastic cover. However if user wants to use higher gain directional antennas to establish wireless bridging, they can use the optional takeoffs provided at the rear. The optional external antenna is only for 2.4GHz. if the user wishes to use external antennas they should select external antenna from the Radio page on the system UI and also adjust the Transmit power to stay within the countryâ€™s regulatory limits.	1
What is the antenna connector at the rear used for?	The max power consumption of the PL1000 is 3.73 watts. In standby mode it only consumes 0.49 watts.	0
What is the antenna connector at the rear used for?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold today by NETGEAR today -- Homeplug 1.0 (including the XE102G, XE102, WGXB102, WGX102); HomePlug 1.0 Turbo (including the XE103G, XE103, XEB1004, XE104, XETB1001, XET1001, XEPS103, XEPSB103, XEPSB1001); UPA (including the HDXB101, HDX101, HDXB111); and HomePlug AV (including XAVB101, XAV101, XAVB1004, XAV1004). In terms of compatibility, please consider the following --	0
What is the antenna connector at the rear used for?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
What is the antenna connector at the rear used for?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the antenna connector at the rear used for?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and imiproved features to your product.	0
What is the antenna gain for each frequency?	See the table below for antenna specifications.	1
What is the antenna gain for each frequency?	To ensure the maximum performance at 5GHz between WNDA3100 and Linksys WRT600N, configure your Linksys router to use a higher channel number on the wide channel when operating in 40MHz channel. Set the wide channel to “46” and the standard channel to “44 – 5.220GHz” to see the maximum 5GHz performance between WNDA3100 and WRT600N.	0
What is the antenna gain for each frequency?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation and you need to stop it before installing the adapter.	0
What is the antenna gain for each frequency?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the extender and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
What is the antenna gain for each frequency?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	0
What is the antenna gain for each frequency?	* It is likely that your extender is placed at the borderline of the signal range covered by your main WiFi router. Moving your extender closer to the main WiFi router will most likely resolve this.	0
What is the antenna gain of these 3 external antennas on wnr2500?	The antenna gain of these 3 external antennas is  5DBI in 2.4GHz.	1
What is the antenna gain of these 3 external antennas on wnr2500?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
What is the antenna gain of these 3 external antennas on wnr2500?	Yes. This device does supports IPv6. There is option in the GUI to choose LAN side IPv6 mode. By default IPv6 mode is set to auto-config which supports majority of the IPv6 capable devices. If you choose DHCPv6, some of your devices may not be able to support IPv6.	0
What is the antenna gain of these 3 external antennas on wnr2500?	This is still an known issue in firmware v1.0.1.30. It will be fixed in next official release. Please use other DLNA client like Xbox or PS3 to browse WNDR4300 ReadyDLNA service and play files.	0
What is the antenna gain of these 3 external antennas on wnr2500?	Yes, the WNR2000v5 supports WPS. You can use the hardware button located in front or use the WPS using the wizard on the NETGEAR genie.	0
What is the antenna gain of these 3 external antennas on wnr2500?	No. XAV101 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV101 is only compatible with HomePlug AV but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
What is the best camera to use indoors or outdoors?	Arlo Wire-Free cameras are weatherproof and can be used both indoors and outdoors. Arlo Q cameras deliver the best experience indoors.	1
What is the best camera to use indoors or outdoors?	NETGEAR WPN824N uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We suggest users to let the device stand up or lie down to achieve the best range and performance suitable in your house.	0
What is the best camera to use indoors or outdoors?	R6900 supports 2.4GHz + 256 QAM Wi-Fi. Current market availability does not yet support 256 QAM. When available, R6900 users can take immediate advantage of the speed boost.	0
What is the best camera to use indoors or outdoors?	* [Set Network Access Rights to Shared Folders](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26453)	0
What is the best camera to use indoors or outdoors?	The limiting factor is often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance overhead to overcome the increased attenuation caused by longer wiring runs.	0
What is the best camera to use indoors or outdoors?	The big difference between WNDAP330 and WNDAP350 is listed in question 2. Apart from that there are other feature differences as specified in the respective data sheets.	0
What is the blue dome's function?	The blue dome is just a hardware design. It has no feature or function.	1
What is the blue dome's function?	The maximum WiFi clients supported is 32.	0
What is the blue dome's function?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What is the blue dome's function?	If the PC where the Digital Entertainer for Windows software is running is a member of a Windows domain:	0
What is the blue dome's function?	* Press the Security button of one of the XAVB2101 units for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is the blue dome's function?	Yes, the XAVB1101 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
What is the c6300 cable modem router?	The C6300 is a cable modem gateway that combines the functionality of a cable modem and a router together. It is equivalent to a Wi-Fi router physically connected to a pure cable modem.	1
What is the c6300 cable modem router?	No.	0
What is the c6300 cable modem router?	DDR3 non-buffered ECC DIMM, see compatible memory type here	0
What is the c6300 cable modem router?	"The default password is ""password""."	0
What is the c6300 cable modem router?	PLP1200 is one of “Pass Thru” Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won’t be able to occupy the original electrical outlet.	0
What is the c6300 cable modem router?	* WNDRMAC only support “GUID Partition Table” and “Master Boot Record” in partition table format. It does not support “Apple Partition Map” format. Work-around: Changepartion map to Master Boot record.	0
What is the class of antenna used on the r8000?	It is an omnidirectional antenna and vertical position is suggested for better wireless coverage.	1
What is the class of antenna used on the r8000?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and starts blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What is the class of antenna used on the r8000?	Make sure that the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the WN3500RP and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
What is the class of antenna used on the r8000?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with a ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the class of antenna used on the r8000?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 150Mbps” at 2.4GHz.	0
What is the class of antenna used on the r8000?	* [Recovering a folder with ReadyCLOUD](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29795)	0
What is the current rating of the xav1401 pass-thru ac outlet?	It is 16 Amp for GR and FR, 15 Amp for NA and 13 Amp for UK.	1
What is the current rating of the xav1401 pass-thru ac outlet?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform the firmware upgrade with a ""WIRED"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the current rating of the xav1401 pass-thru ac outlet?	Yes it can. There is an option on the UI where you can see 6to4 tunnel.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1401 pass-thru ac outlet?	* The best performance is delivered when both the Link Rate LED and the PC to Booster Connection LED are green.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1401 pass-thru ac outlet?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1401 pass-thru ac outlet?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1501 pass-thru ac outlet?	It is 15 Amp for GR and FR, 14 Amp for NA and 12 Amp for UK.	1
What is the current rating of the xav1501 pass-thru ac outlet?	Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays Error 101 error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1501 pass-thru ac outlet?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. With WPS, it automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1501 pass-thru ac outlet?	During installation via the Web genie, EX7000 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest FW on web site every time when you login the GUI.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1501 pass-thru ac outlet?	No, PLW1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1501 pass-thru ac outlet?	1. NTV550 can access media from CIFS (Windows file shares), Samba, NFS, and DLNA/UPNP. NFS (available on most NAS type devices) typically offers the best performance, followed by CIFS/SMB. Note that to access DVD or Bluray media, or to play media with associated external subtitles, you will need to use NFS/CIFS/Samba, not DLNA/UPNP.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1601 pass-thru ac outlet?	It is 16 Amp for GR and FR, 15 Amp for NA and 13 Amp for UK.	1
What is the current rating of the xav1601 pass-thru ac outlet?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5501 Configuration utility.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1601 pass-thru ac outlet?	Please note that the firmware version before v1.0.0.34 (initial release) only supports Traffic Meter for WAN types on PPPoE or PPTP mode. Traffic Meter for WAN type with DHCP or Static IP mode will be supported on future FW release.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1601 pass-thru ac outlet?	Yes, the XAVB5001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1601 pass-thru ac outlet?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What is the current rating of the xav1601 pass-thru ac outlet?	1. Please make sure the connected device is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
What is the current rating of the xav2501 pass-thru ac outlet?	It is 15 Amp for GR and FR, 14 Amp for NA and 12 Amp for UK.	1
What is the current rating of the xav2501 pass-thru ac outlet?	WNDR3400v3 has 5 Ethernet ports (1 WAN and 4 LAN).	0
What is the current rating of the xav2501 pass-thru ac outlet?	* For each XAVB5501 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is the current rating of the xav2501 pass-thru ac outlet?	WPS supports WPA/WPA2 security, if your Router is using WEP security you will need to walk through the Extender Genie setup.	0
What is the current rating of the xav2501 pass-thru ac outlet?	Yes, the powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz. The operating frequencies overlap with 27MHz wireless keyboards and mice. But the interference might happen only if the XAV2101 is close enough to the wireless range.	0
What is the current rating of the xav2501 pass-thru ac outlet?	Many DVDs and Blu-ray Discs include copy protection mechanisms that prevent playback on Intel Wireless Display before software version v2.1.0.0.You also need a contain protection enable PC to playback on Intel Wireless Display.However, personal content that you have burned to a disc will work.	0
What is the default encryption key?	"The default encryption key is ""HomePlugAV""."	1
What is the default encryption key?	Yes all the products will be available worldwide in a phased manner.	0
What is the default encryption key?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the default encryption key?	"Launch web browser to login GUI and go to ""advance --> wireless settings"" and then uncheck ""enable wireless router radio""."	0
What is the default encryption key?	The Nighthawk X6 Tri - Band Router boosts WiFi speeds on 2.4 GHz with support for 256 QAM. This is a specific mode-Turbo QAM supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more WiFi clients based on 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure that even when you connect on the 2.4 GHz band with these 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
What is the default encryption key?	Yes.	0
What is the default ip address and login credentials of wndr3400v3?	The default IP Address of WNDR3400v3 is 192.168.1.1 and the login credentials are admin for default username and the default password is password.	1
What is the default ip address and login credentials of wndr3400v3?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
What is the default ip address and login credentials of wndr3400v3?	No, it supports both 1G and 10Gbps	0
What is the default ip address and login credentials of wndr3400v3?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input)	0
What is the default ip address and login credentials of wndr3400v3?	Before you back up a large amount of data with Time Machine, NETGEAR recommends that you do the following to ensure a successful operation:	0
What is the default ip address and login credentials of wndr3400v3?	A6200 supports both 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless signal. The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
What is the default log-in user name and password?	UserName: admin	1
What is the default log-in user name and password?	NETGEAR does not have a timeframe when a firmware will be pushed down to customer's units. NETGEAR provide the firmware to the ISP which will go through their approval process. Once the firmware is approved, the ISP will push down the firmware to the N450 on their schedule. Customers should always have the latest approved firmware available from their ISP.	0
What is the default log-in user name and password?	IEEE 802.11n recommends to use “Up to 145Mbps” as it causes less possible interference to your neighbor’s wireless network. However, if you really need to get higher performance and your wireless clients can support “Up to 300Mbps”, you can set it to “Up to 300Mbps” to get the maximum performance.	0
What is the default log-in user name and password?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
What is the default log-in user name and password?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 Mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
What is the default log-in user name and password?	WEP and WPA-PSK [TKIP] (for 54Mbps only)	0
What is the default login name and password for wn2000rpt?	The default login name is admin and the default login password is password. Please note that logins are case-sensitive.	1
What is the default login name and password for wn2000rpt?	2K	0
What is the default login name and password for wn2000rpt?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
What is the default login name and password for wn2000rpt?	No, the AC785 does not work without a paid data plan. Data plan and SIM card can be purchased from a mobile operator in your area.	0
What is the default login name and password for wn2000rpt?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the default login name and password for wn2000rpt?	Smart Connect balances your 5 GHz WiFi connections into two different radio bands: the 5 GHz radio 1 band and the 5 GHz radio 2 band. The router uses Smart Connect to choose the best radio band for your device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
What is the default login name and password to administer the extender?	The default login name (case sensitive) is admin and the default login password (case sensitive) is password.	1
What is the default login name and password to administer the extender?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the default login name and password to administer the extender?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
What is the default login name and password to administer the extender?	Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays Error 101 error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears.	0
What is the default login name and password to administer the extender?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the default login name and password to administer the extender?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network. HDX101, HDXB101, HDXB111 – 15 nodes	0
What is the default login name and password to administer the wifi booster?	The default login name (case-sensitive) is  ADMIN and the default login password (case-sensitive) is  PASSWORD.	1
What is the default login name and password to administer the wifi booster?	If your client has good wifi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	0
What is the default login name and password to administer the wifi booster?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
What is the default login name and password to administer the wifi booster?	1. Log into the modem using the steps above. The NETGEAR genie home screen displays.	0
What is the default login name and password to administer the wifi booster?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. GSS116E supports the Auto DoS but GSS108E doesn’t.	0
What is the default login name and password to administer the wifi booster?	 WPA-PSK (TKIP) has been removed by the Wi-Fi Alliance so on the new firmware, it may be not be there anymore.	0
What is the default password?	"The default password is ""password""."	1
What is the default password?	Yes, the C7000 does support VPN pass-through.	0
What is the default password?	In a typical situation where signal strength is improved, the data throughput will also be improved. However, there are many factors and variables impacting data speeds such as amount of traffic on the network, number of people connecting to the same network cell, the type of data you are accessing, etc. So, it also possible that in some circumstances the signal on the device is significantly improved, but the data speeds will remain the same. Most often this is when the network is slow and even the weaker signal is getting maximum throughput.	0
What is the default password?	The DGN2200 is based on the new 802.11n technology with provides much faster speeds (Up to 15x) and better range (up to 5x) than a Wireless-G router.	0
What is the default password?	No. The extender is designed to connect wirelessly to the router.	0
What is the default password?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 Mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless mode?	The default wireless mode on DGN3500 is Up to 270Mbps.	1
What is the default speed for the wireless mode?	No, the EVA8000 does not get very hot, though it is recommended that it have decent ventilation, since like any piece of electronics it will build up heat over time.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless mode?	"No, ReadyNAS Vault is not a high availability solution. It is meant as a ""disaster recovery solution."" With ReadyNAS Vault, any individual file or set of files can be downloaded on ad hoc basis, as long as your data set is recent enough, you can access files without having to wait for a full local system recovery."	0
What is the default speed for the wireless mode?	4G LTE Broadband is currently available in many major cities and airports nationwide, and will continue to expand service to cities and towns across the US. To see current availability, check the [Coverage Map](http://network4g.verizonwireless.com/#/coverage).	0
What is the default speed for the wireless mode?	DGND3700 not only come integrated with the ADSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless mode?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless modes on d7800?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 800Mbps” for 2.4 GHz & “Up to 1733Mbps” for 5 GHz.	1
What is the default speed for the wireless modes on d7800?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless modes on d7800?	Guest wireless networks are enabled and configured in “Wireless Guest Network” page of GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless modes on d7800?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless modes on d7800?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless modes on d7800?	* Please ensure you have set the uplink bandwidth speed correctly. We recommend testing the uplink bandwidth speed by going to [www.speedtest.net](http://www.speedtest.net/) and running this test on a wired client with no other internet traffic on other client devices.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless modes?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 150Mbps” at 2.4GHz.	1
What is the default speed for the wireless modes?	The power LED blinking, indicates your router has corrupted firmware. There is a router firmware recovery utility in the router Resource CD. Please run the CD on a PC that is connected to the router (it is OK and normal for your PC NOT to receive an IP address as the router software is corrupted), select “Supporting Software”, and run “NETGEAR Firmware Recovery Utility”. This utility should be able to recover your router in approximately 15 minutes. Please do not unplug or disconnect anything during the recovery process.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless modes?	C7000 USB2.0 supports USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 storage and printer devices.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless modes?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless modes?	The table below describes the Test LED (the second LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	0
What is the default speed for the wireless modes?	* For each XAV5201 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is the difference between 'g&b' and 'up to 150mbps' wireless mode?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 150Mbps support the draft 802.11N	1
What is the difference between 'g&b' and 'up to 150mbps' wireless mode?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the difference between 'g&b' and 'up to 150mbps' wireless mode?	The MCA1001 can support up to 16 units on a network.	0
What is the difference between 'g&b' and 'up to 150mbps' wireless mode?	Yes, the XAVB2101 support VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
What is the difference between 'g&b' and 'up to 150mbps' wireless mode?	Please use any NETGEAR 11ac WIFI router like R6300/R6250/R6200/D6200 on the other end and install it in bridge mode to setup an 11ac WIFI connection. Please follow the instructions to setup R6300/R6200 in bridge mode: [How to setup Bridge mode on R6300?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/20831)	0
What is the difference between 'g&b' and 'up to 150mbps' wireless mode?	Optionally, if Internet connection is available, the NTV550 Recovery Menu provides a way to recover from the update server.	0
What is the difference between a wifi range extender and an access point?	A wireless range extender increases the distance of a WiFi network by repeating the WiFi signal and enhancing the overall signal quality over long distances. A WiFi range extender repeats the signals from a network's base WiFi router or access point.	1
What is the difference between a wifi range extender and an access point?	NAND+SDRAM 1G bits + 512M bits	0
What is the difference between a wifi range extender and an access point?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the difference between a wifi range extender and an access point?	The default IP address is 192.168.0.1.	0
What is the difference between a wifi range extender and an access point?	The unit can be set to pure “bridge” or “modem” mode by configuring the Device Mode page listed in the firmware Management Interface under Advanced.	0
What is the difference between a wifi range extender and an access point?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
What is the difference between an electronic license, a printed license key card and a license key received via email from a reseller?	An electronic license will mean that there is no printed license key card included with the ProSECURE product. It is entirely electronic and means that the serial number of the product will be tied to a license on the NETGEAR licensing servers.	1
What is the difference between an electronic license, a printed license key card and a license key received via email from a reseller?	WNR612 has passed the Wi-Fi certification pre-test and is designed and developed to the IEEE 802.11b/g standards.	0
What is the difference between an electronic license, a printed license key card and a license key received via email from a reseller?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX3800. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX3800. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
What is the difference between an electronic license, a printed license key card and a license key received via email from a reseller?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product. For more information, see [How to update firmware on your NETGEAR product](https://kb.netgear.com/000053880/How-to-update-firmware-on-your-NETGEAR-product).	0
What is the difference between an electronic license, a printed license key card and a license key received via email from a reseller?	Click switch offers the innovative 1-2-3-4 mounting system which gives you the flexibility to place the Click Switch in locations where other switches will not go. Whether it's directly on a wall, strapped to a pole, under the meeting table in a conference room or in a server closet, vertical or horizontal,the Click Switch's unique mounting system allow you to control exactly how your ports and cables are deployed.	0
What is the difference between an electronic license, a printed license key card and a license key received via email from a reseller?	* Make sure you have added the WN2000RPT MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
What is the difference between d6400 and the gateway router i received from my service provider?	The D6400 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D6400 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, significantly more features such NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	1
What is the difference between d6400 and the gateway router i received from my service provider?	You can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV101 Configuration utility.	0
What is the difference between d6400 and the gateway router i received from my service provider?	After you have successfully setup the WNR2000v3 to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	0
What is the difference between d6400 and the gateway router i received from my service provider?	The user name is admin, and the default password is password. Both are case-sensitive.	0
What is the difference between d6400 and the gateway router i received from my service provider?	WNDA4100 supports both 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless signal. The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
What is the difference between d6400 and the gateway router i received from my service provider?	1. Push and hold the WPS button on the side of the PTV3000 unit for more than 5 seconds.	0
What is the difference between d7000 and the gateway router i receive from my service provider?	The D7000 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D7000 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, and significantly more features, such as the NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	1
What is the difference between d7000 and the gateway router i receive from my service provider?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid green before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid green, check the DSL connectionis connected to the DSL RJ11 port on the modem router.	0
What is the difference between d7000 and the gateway router i receive from my service provider?	The max power consumption of the PL1000 is 3.73 watts. In standby mode it only consumes 0.49 watts.	0
What is the difference between d7000 and the gateway router i receive from my service provider?	7 smart internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	0
What is the difference between d7000 and the gateway router i receive from my service provider?	Yes, the XAVB2101 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
What is the difference between d7000 and the gateway router i receive from my service provider?	RN3138 uses internal 1U server PSU and is not user replaceable.	0
What is the difference between ex6120 and ex6000?	EX6000 is unlike EX6120 (or the other extenders), and it support hardware AP/Extender mode switching button. By pressing the WPS/Mode button longer than 5 seconds, EX6000 can switch between AP (Access Point) and Extender mode. Please refer to Quick Start Guide for the switching function and LED indication.	1
What is the difference between ex6120 and ex6000?	WNR612 has passed the Wi-Fi certification pre-test and is designed and developed to the IEEE 802.11b/g standards.	0
What is the difference between ex6120 and ex6000?	By default setting, EX7000 use the same password as your home network. You need log into the router to get the password. If you change EX7000's password during Smart Setup, EX7000 don't have interface to let you view the password. Thus we suggest you redo the EX7000 Smart Setup to configure EX7000 again.	0
What is the difference between ex6120 and ex6000?	Please see this article instead: [NeoTV Prime (GTV100) Supported USB media formats](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/22228)	0
What is the difference between ex6120 and ex6000?	The power consumption of XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 is 2.0 Watts in 110V AC and 2.3 Watts in 220V AC.	0
What is the difference between ex6120 and ex6000?	Yes, the C6300 does support VPN pass-through.	0
What is the difference between g & b and up to 130mbps wireless mode?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 130Mbps support the draft 802.11N specification and use 20MHz and 40MHz frequency, respectively. Up to 130Mbps will provide the maximum performance in most cases. For maximum wireless throughput, use the RANGEMAX NEXT wireless notebook adapter WN111v2.	1
What is the difference between g & b and up to 130mbps wireless mode?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
What is the difference between g & b and up to 130mbps wireless mode?	"This is a brand new 10 Gigabit Ethernet ""ProSAFE Plus Switch"". It supports eight 100/1000/10000 Mbps RJ45 ports with one combo port supporting 10 Gigabit SFP+ fiber."	0
What is the difference between g & b and up to 130mbps wireless mode?	It's down-converted to whatever the resolution is that you're using. If you're set to 720p component, it's down-converted to 720p. If you're using 480i NTSC, then it's down-converted to 480i NTSC.	0
What is the difference between g & b and up to 130mbps wireless mode?	Yes. Just log in to your Arlo account, click  ADD DEVICE, and follow the instructions.	0
What is the difference between g & b and up to 130mbps wireless mode?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
What is the difference between g & b and up to 150mbps and up to 300mbps wireless modes?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps.Up to 150Mbps and Up to 300Mbps modes support the draft 802.11N specification and use 20MHz and 40MHz frequency, respectively.Up to 300Mbps will provide the maximum performance in most cases.	1
What is the difference between g & b and up to 150mbps and up to 300mbps wireless modes?	J9099B          100BASE-BX10-D  HP® X112 100M SFP LC BX-D Transceiver Yes                 No	0
What is the difference between g & b and up to 150mbps and up to 300mbps wireless modes?	The LAN port LED is amber if your device is connected to 10/100 Mbps Ethernet. The LAN port LED is white if your device is connected to Gigabit Ethernet..	0
What is the difference between g & b and up to 150mbps and up to 300mbps wireless modes?	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TV is commended for the best viewing experience.	0
What is the difference between g & b and up to 150mbps and up to 300mbps wireless modes?	The resource CD that comes with the product will provide a step-by-step instruction on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard utility (or Windows Zero Config, Vista’s Auto Config, Windows 7 WCN) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instruction on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide or User Reference Manual on NETGEAR web site for more information.	0
What is the difference between g & b and up to 150mbps and up to 300mbps wireless modes?	One of the units is the PL1000, which connects to your router and then plugs directly into the wall to inject the internet connection into the Powerline. The other unit is the PLW1000 which you plug into any outlet in your home to expand your wireless network. It then creates its own hotspot in that room.	0
What is the difference between home plug v1.0 & home plug av?	HomePlug 1.0 specification allows for speeds up to 14 Mbit/s. HomePlug AV specification allows for speeds up to 200 Mbits/s, with some Homeplug AV devices using a proprietary extension increasing this to 500 Mbits/s. Also HomePlug AV powerline networks can exist in the same household as a HomePlug 1.0 powerline network, but they cannot communicate with each other.	1
What is the difference between home plug v1.0 & home plug av?	No, PL1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible with HomePlug AV1.0.	0
What is the difference between home plug v1.0 & home plug av?	There is no option to upgrade firmware in the GUI. This is part of the DOCSIS specifications. Once a firmware is available by NETGEAR, this firmware will be provided to the MSO for certification. Once the FW is certified, the MSO will push the FW down to their customers. NETGEAR does not have an ETA when the new firmware will be rolled out to their customers.	0
What is the difference between home plug v1.0 & home plug av?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5501 Configuration utility.	0
What is the difference between home plug v1.0 & home plug av?	You can connect your NeoTV Streaming Player to your broadband Internet connection either wired or wirelessly (Wi-Fi). You may need a network router or access point if your Cable/DSL modem does not have free ports or wireless support.	0
What is the difference between home plug v1.0 & home plug av?	Yes.	0
What is the difference between pv(r)stp and mstp (multiple spanning tree)?	The difference between MSTP and PV(R)STP is primarily in the way the protocol maps spanning tree instances to VLANs: PV(R)STP creates a spanning tree instance for every VLAN, whereas MSTP maps one or more VLANs to each MST instance	1
What is the difference between pv(r)stp and mstp (multiple spanning tree)?	The WNR2000v5 does not come with an installation CD. It has a new feature called NETGEAR genie that will help with the installation of the router.	0
What is the difference between pv(r)stp and mstp (multiple spanning tree)?	The DM200 is compatible with ADSL, ADSL2, ADSL2+, VDSL and VDSL2 connection types. Furthermore, the DM200 can be configured in both Bridge (Modem Only) mode and router mode.	0
What is the difference between pv(r)stp and mstp (multiple spanning tree)?	"1. ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
What is the difference between pv(r)stp and mstp (multiple spanning tree)?	There is a configuration Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC. Also, once you know the IP address through the Plus Utility, you can configure it via Web browser.	0
What is the difference between pv(r)stp and mstp (multiple spanning tree)?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR genie configuration utility.	0
What is the difference between simultaneous and selectable dual band?	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate Wi-Fi networks simultaneously using both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated Wi-Fi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	1
What is the difference between simultaneous and selectable dual band?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the difference between simultaneous and selectable dual band?	No, it does not have one. The R8000 has a netting or mesh covering. This helps the router to stay cool and for the heat to dissipate properly.	0
What is the difference between simultaneous and selectable dual band?	There is one known issue in the software that is included in CD v1.0 (software version v1.0.0.18) about WPS PBC. If you use newer version CD or you use software upgrade function, this issue will be solved. The issue description is this : If you have another NETGEAR older products WNA3100 or WNDA3100v2 installed in your computer before, and you install A6200. This will cause A6200 WPS PBC can't work. However, you still can key in passphrase to manually connect to router via genie. The workaround solution is you can uninstall WNA3100 or WNDA3100v2 first and then install A6200 again. This known issue only happens in CD v1.0 and software v1.0.0.18. Newer version doesn't have this issue.	0
What is the difference between simultaneous and selectable dual band?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes in amber.	0
What is the difference between simultaneous and selectable dual band?	The best connection is established when there is a clear line of sight between the WiFi Booster and the computer you are using. If this straight path is blocked by a thick wall or other materials, move the WiFi Booster to a different location that is equal distance between the Booster and the existing router. If after trying out several spots and the computer is still not able to connect to the Booster, move the Booster closer to the PC as instructed in Question 2.	0
What is the difference between wn802tv1 and wn802t-200?	WN802T-200 has reduced the size of the access point and changed the color of the case from white to black. The features provided are the same, but there is an improved user interface (GUI) for cleaner navigation of the features.	1
What is the difference between wn802tv1 and wn802t-200?	User need to use 11ac adapter to get the max performance. If user uses 11n wireless adapters to connect with AC1450, the max throughput is limited by 11n adapter. Because 11n wireless adapters did not have 11ac link rate.	0
What is the difference between wn802tv1 and wn802t-200?	The resource CD that comes with the product will provide a step-by-step instruction on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard utility (or Windows Zero Config, Vista’s Auto Config, Windows 7 WCN) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instruction on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide or User Reference Manual on NETGEAR web site for more information.	0
What is the difference between wn802tv1 and wn802t-200?	It might be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply. The Nighthawk might not be able to supply the power requirement of this enclosure due to its multiple drives.	0
What is the difference between wn802tv1 and wn802t-200?	For assistance in finding or changing your wireless network password, see [Find or change the Wi-Fi password for your NETGEAR router](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23439)	0
What is the difference between wn802tv1 and wn802t-200?	NETGEAR offers Live Parental Controls software; a free program that provides a flexible way to monitor and restrict access to undesirable content on the Internet. Live Parental Controls is a feature rich program supported by OpenDNS the leading provider of security and infrastructure services that make the Internet safer through integrated Web content filtering, anti-phishing and DNS.	0
What is the difference between wndap330 and wndap350?	The big difference between WNDAP330 and WNDAP350 is listed in question 2. Apart from that there are other feature differences as specified in the respective data sheets.	1
What is the difference between wndap330 and wndap350?	The DM200 is compatible with ADSL, ADSL2, ADSL2+, VDSL and VDSL2 connection types. Furthermore, the DM200 can be configured in both Bridge (Modem Only) mode and router mode.	0
What is the difference between wndap330 and wndap350?	You are more than welcome contacting NETGEAR Sales organization, for instance at (408) 907-8000 or by email: [sales@netgear.com](mailto:sales@netgear.com). NETGEAR Sales Engineers will help you design M6100 perfectly. You can also visit [www.netgear.com/m6100](http://www.netgear.com/m6100) and download “M6100 basic configurator”, or “M6100 expert configurator” files under Resources tab.	0
What is the difference between wndap330 and wndap350?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the difference between wndap330 and wndap350?	ReadySHARE AirMusic lets you play music wirelessly from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Android device. The music is played on audio speakers, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system. Please visit the links below for more information:	0
What is the difference between wndap330 and wndap350?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router. WiFi Booster does not use WPS protocol to connect to your router.	0
What is the difference between xav1101 and xavb1101?	Powerline products need to be used in 'pairs' – at least two in a home. So NETGEAR sells them in pairs, like the XAVB1101 which is a bundle of two XAV1101. However, customers do have the option to add a 3rd or 4th etc device to their network. So for that reason, we sell the single units – XAV1101	1
What is the difference between xav1101 and xavb1101?	The power consumption of XAVB5602 is 2.0 Watts in 110V AC and 2.3 Watts in 220V AC.	0
What is the difference between xav1101 and xavb1101?	If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use Microsoft AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the client GUI while the AP is in unconfigured mode and your PC pops up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
What is the difference between xav1101 and xavb1101?	No. You cannot use or enable the VPN service once Wireless AP Mode is selected.	0
What is the difference between xav1101 and xavb1101?	For Charter customers only: If you are a new customer or if you switched to the New Package Pricing after June 26, 2012, you have to use the modem provided by Charter. However, if you were a customer before June 26, 2012 and are told that Charter does not accept customer-owned modems, please escalate your case to the customer support manager and ask to have your modem activated.	0
What is the difference between xav1101 and xavb1101?	Yes, the C6300 supports OpenDNS Live Parental Controls (LPC).	0
What is the difference between xav2101 and xavb2101?	Powerline products need to be used in 'pairs' – at least two in a home. So NETGEAR sells them in pairs, like the XAVB2101 which is a bundle of two XAV2101. However, customers do have the option to add a 3rd or 4th etc device to their network. So for that reason, we sell the single units – XAV2101	1
What is the difference between xav2101 and xavb2101?	This is a known issue on the CM600. To fix the issue simply click on the help center arrow to open and close the help center. You will then be able to scroll. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
What is the difference between xav2101 and xavb2101?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001 and XAV1004. It is not compatible with XET1001, XE104, XE102 or HDX101.	0
What is the difference between xav2101 and xavb2101?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac and a few other container / tag formats.	0
What is the difference between xav2101 and xavb2101?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input)	0
What is the difference between xav2101 and xavb2101?	The limiting factor is often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance overhead to overcome the increased attenuation caused by longer wiring runs.	0
What is the difference between “up to 54mbs”, “up to 145mbps” and “up to 300 mbps” wireless modes?	Up to 54Mbps” supports the 802.11g & 802.11b standards. “Up to 145Mbps” and “Up to 300Mbps” modes support the 802.11N specification and use 20MHz and 40MHz bandwidths, respectively. “Up to 300Mbps” will provide the maximum performance in most cases, “Up to 145Mbps” may work better in areas with more interference from other access points.	1
What is the difference between “up to 54mbs”, “up to 145mbps” and “up to 300 mbps” wireless modes?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What is the difference between “up to 54mbs”, “up to 145mbps” and “up to 300 mbps” wireless modes?	Yes, the XAV1004 does support Standby mode.	0
What is the difference between “up to 54mbs”, “up to 145mbps” and “up to 300 mbps” wireless modes?	A6210 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6210 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
What is the difference between “up to 54mbs”, “up to 145mbps” and “up to 300 mbps” wireless modes?	The NETGEAR DGN2200 uses 2 antennas. The transmit function uses up to 2 antennas and the receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
What is the difference between “up to 54mbs”, “up to 145mbps” and “up to 300 mbps” wireless modes?	8K.	0
What is the difference of a standard account from a premium account?	Please visit [http://www.mystora.com/homebase/premium_comparaison](http://www.mystora.com/homebase/premium_comparaison) for more information.	1
What is the difference of a standard account from a premium account?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the difference of a standard account from a premium account?	The EX7300/EX6400 can extend any existing wireless network. We suggest you connect to the 5GHz network when available, but any wireless router you have should work.	0
What is the difference of a standard account from a premium account?	The topology will be depicted as below:	0
What is the difference of a standard account from a premium account?	* For each XAVB5001 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is the difference of a standard account from a premium account?	Factory reset can be accomplished by holding the hardware reset button for one second or using the software Factory Reset button via the NETGEAR genie.	0
What is the digital entertainer hd?	The Digital Entertainer HD is a TV Set-Top Box which brings the world of digital media to your TV. You can view photos, listen to music and Internet radio, watch videos you download, watch live TV from a TV Tuner in a PC, or YouTube videos direct from the Internet.	1
What is the digital entertainer hd?	Here are some approaches you can try.	0
What is the digital entertainer hd?	If your device connected to LAN port is fast Ethernet, 10/100Mbps, you will see green color on LAN port LED.	0
What is the digital entertainer hd?	The WNA3100 is a single band USB adapter that complies with the official 802.11n 2.0 specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz frequency and works with 802.11b/g, and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNA3100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 300Mbps with 11n HT40 supporting wireless routers and access points. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop. You can also use the plastic adapter cradle in the package to extend the wireless range of your adapter and obtain better wireless reception.	0
What is the digital entertainer hd?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard. The frequencies used by XE103 85Mbps Wall-Plugged Ethernet Adapter are in the range of 4.3MHz to 20.9MHz.	0
What is the digital entertainer hd?	We encourage you to renew your license on time to avoid any backdating penalty and take advantage of existing and new features.	0
What is the eee?	EEE (Energy Efficient Ethernet) is an IEEE standard of 802.3az, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	1
What is the eee?	M6100-3S distributed fabric speed is 480 Gbps inter-module. Each slot provides 8 x 10G unidirectional access to the backplane (80G half-duplex and 160G full-duplex per slot).	0
What is the eee?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with a ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the eee?	You can use a web browser to access the unit and change its settings. You can access it in one of two ways from a web browser: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) or [http://routerlogin.net](http://routerlogin.net). The login name is “admin” (without the double quotes) and the password is “password” (without the double quotes).	0
What is the eee?	Yes, but you will either suffer a noticeable loss in performance, or if the signal is too low the units will not be able to communicate.	0
What is the eee?	The DGND3700 does not have debug functions and there is no way of accessing it via command line.	0
What is the ethernet port aggregation?	Ethernet port aggregation allows the router to combine Ethernet ports 1 and 2 for data transfer to a supporting device, such as a NAS. The router supports 802.3ad link aggregation protocol, and will improve the aggregation file download and upload speeds to over the 1G boundary. Ethernet port aggregation is also referred to as link aggregation, teaming port, and port trunking.	1
What is the ethernet port aggregation?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the ethernet port aggregation?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard utility or Windows Zero Configuration (Vista’s AutoConfig) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide or User Reference manual on the Resource CD for more information.	0
What is the ethernet port aggregation?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the ethernet port aggregation?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the ethernet port aggregation?	The switch running PV(R)STP transmits IEEE standard spanning tree BPDUs along with SSTP BPDUs. SSTP BPDUs are PV(R)STP dedicated BPDUs.	0
What is the ethernet port for?	The Ethernet port provides high speed internet connection to any device plugged into it. It can be used with a PC, laptop, printer, gaming system, etc. It can even be used as the internet connection to another switch or router with multiple ports as either the primary or fall back internet connection. I.e. the router can have a primary DSL connection, but when that isn’t available, the router can use the cradle + hotspot as the internet connection.	1
What is the ethernet port for?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
What is the ethernet port for?	The WN3500RP cannot check to see if the WEP passphrase is correct. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless device is not able to get the IP address from the WN3500RP. You must reset the WN3500RP to the factory defaults to get the IP address back.	0
What is the ethernet port for?	If the PC where the Digital Entertainer for Windows software is running is a member of a Windows domain:	0
What is the ethernet port for?	Powerline products need to be used in 'pairs' – at least two in a home. So NETGEAR sells them in pairs, like the XAVB2101 which is a bundle of two XAV2101. However, customers do have the option to add a 3rd or 4th etc device to their network. So for that reason, we sell the single units – XAV2101	0
What is the ethernet port for?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XWN5021 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4 r7500 router?	With regards to Apple's Time Machine backup function,  NIGHTHAWK X4 R7500 ROUTER only supports NTFS, EXT4, EXT3, EXT2, HFS+ in Journal, HFS+ in non-journal file system. R7500 does not support FAT16, FAT32 file format for Apple Time machine backup at the moment.	1
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4 r7500 router?	NETGEAR Windows Genie 2.4.16 or later	0
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4 r7500 router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4 r7500 router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4 r7500 router?	Port-based QOS, a unique feature of the XAV1004 and XAVB1004, allows a user to prioritize specific applications by simply plugging a device into a color-coded port on the back of the product. This way, a user can ensure that his gaming console or HD movies always receive unconstrained bandwidth, even when other devices are attempting to transmit data over the shared powerline networking.	0
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4 r7500 router?	1. NTV550 supports Bluray profiles 1.1 and 2.0. Profile 2.0 is required to access BD Live functions, and requires attached storage of at least 1GB. The storage can be on an attached USB or eSATA device. Select a location for the attached storage in Settings -> Audio/Video -> Bluray options. If no location has been set, profile 1.1 is used.	0
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4s r7800 router?	With regards to Apple's Time Machine backup function,  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7500 ROUTER only supports NTFS, EXT4, EXT3, EXT2, HFS+ in Journal, HFS+ in non-journal file system. R7800 does not support FAT16, FAT32 file format for Apple Time machine backup at the moment.	1
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4s r7800 router?	Only Android and iOS apps are currently available.	0
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4s r7800 router?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4s r7800 router?	C6300 is a dual band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device’s capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	0
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4s r7800 router?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device and see if it works.	0
What is the file system that for time machine function can be support on nighthawk x4s r7800 router?	Timemachine backup may sometimes fail due to several reasons. Please follow the criteria below to ensure that your Timemachine backup is successful.	0
What is the function of 2 usb ports on gss108e?	The two USB ports are only for charging devices like tablets and mobile phones. Maximum 10W can be provided with a single port and maximum 15W between the two.	1
What is the function of 2 usb ports on gss108e?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input. Using a paperclip or sharp object press and hold the reset button for about 10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
What is the function of 2 usb ports on gss108e?	R6400 has 2 USB ports, 1 USB 3.0-Storage port at the front and 1 USB 2.0-Printer port at the back. NETGEAR recommends that you connect a USB storage device to the USB 3.0-Storage port and connect a printer to the USB 2.0-Printer port.	0
What is the function of 2 usb ports on gss108e?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
What is the function of 2 usb ports on gss108e?	This security option is only available on the 2.4 GHz band and not available on the 5GHz band.	0
What is the function of 2 usb ports on gss108e?	Type in http://192.168.0.1/ in an Internet browser on a PC or Mac connected to one of the device’s 4 Ethernet ports, or connected via Wireless to the device. The URL is the factory default settings. If you change this IP setting in GUI page “LAN IP”, please record your change so that you would know the IP to access GUI page. In case, you forgot your change, you can reset the unit to factory default settings, and then access GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
What is the function of the microusb and the usb port?	MicroUSB can be used as a power source for PR2000 from a laptop USB port while traveling. The USB 2.0 port can be used for ReadySHARE Storage or printer function when PR2000 is powered by Alternative Current (AC) source. USB 2.0 port can also act as a charger for your portable device, such as cell phone when PR2000 is plugged in (AC) socket.	1
What is the function of the microusb and the usb port?	Since these files are protected, they can only be played if served from a PC using Windows Media Connect or the Intel Viiv Media Server. Other third-party media servers will not work.	0
What is the function of the microusb and the usb port?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the function of the microusb and the usb port?	Your media may have copy protection mechanisms preventing playback on Intel Wireless Display.	0
What is the function of the microusb and the usb port?	No, ASP150W cannot be used in other M4300 models.	0
What is the function of the microusb and the usb port?	 Yes.	0
What is the gain for the antennas on the r8500?	The R8500 has three sets of antennas. For the 2.4GHz band, the antennas are 2 dbi. The external 5GHz antennas are 1 dbi while the internal 5GHz antennas are 3 dbi.	1
What is the gain for the antennas on the r8500?	Yes.	0
What is the gain for the antennas on the r8500?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable internet service. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
What is the gain for the antennas on the r8500?	 Yes.	0
What is the gain for the antennas on the r8500?	* ReadyNAS storage systems. For step-by-step instructions, see the following KB articles:	0
What is the gain for the antennas on the r8500?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
What is the highest performance that i can get with the 2.4ghz radio band when i am near the router?	The highest performance is up to 450 Mbps theoretically.	1
What is the highest performance that i can get with the 2.4ghz radio band when i am near the router?	Please check the following:	0
What is the highest performance that i can get with the 2.4ghz radio band when i am near the router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the highest performance that i can get with the 2.4ghz radio band when i am near the router?	Because data traffic routed through the Extender network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing	0
What is the highest performance that i can get with the 2.4ghz radio band when i am near the router?	Yes. To display different content, change the screen display setting on your computer to extend mode.	0
What is the highest performance that i can get with the 2.4ghz radio band when i am near the router?	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select  'ADVANCED' tab, then click  'ADMINISTRATION', followed by  'SET PASSWORD' option. After the new password has been entered, please click the  'APPLY' button for it to take effect.	0
What is the ir blaster?	The IR allows the NeoTV PRIME remote control to change the volume and channels of your Cable/Satellite set top box.	1
What is the ir blaster?	The NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses 2 antennas. The transmit function uses up to 2 antennas and the receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
What is the ir blaster?	WNDR3400v3 has 5 Ethernet ports (1 WAN and 4 LAN).	0
What is the ir blaster?	Make sure that the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the extender and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
What is the ir blaster?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PL1200 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What is the ir blaster?	Only Android and iOS apps are currently available.	0
What is the key difference between netgear click switch and netgear plus switch?	Click switch offers the innovative 1-2-3-4 mounting system which gives you the flexibility to place the Click Switch in locations where other switches will not go. Whether it's directly on a wall, strapped to a pole, under the meeting table in a conference room or in a server closet, vertical or horizontal,the Click Switch's unique mounting system allow you to control exactly how your ports and cables are deployed.	1
What is the key difference between netgear click switch and netgear plus switch?	Traditional wireless networks (802.11b, 802.11g) use the 2.4 GHz frequency. However this frequency is very crowded as many devices in a typical home use it including Bluetooth, microwave ovens, some cordless phones, and baby monitors. This problem of crowded frequencies is compounded now that WiFi has become very popular, as many neighboring homes / apartments will also have WiFi on 2.4 GHz. The result is slow / inconsistent connections and shared bandwidth. This is particularly a problem when attempted high end applications such as Video Streaming. The 5 GHz frequency is much cleaner, with far less devices using it. And there are much more “channels” to choose from on 5 GHz, so even if many neighbors use 5 GHz, it is very easy to find a channel that no-one is using, and therefore has no interference. NETGEAR’s Dual Band technology uses both 2.4 GHz for backwards compatibility and 5 GHz for low interference networking.	0
What is the key difference between netgear click switch and netgear plus switch?	* Please ensure you have set the uplink bandwidth speed correctly. We recommend testing the uplink bandwidth speed by going to [www.speedtest.net](http://www.speedtest.net/) and running this test on a wired client with no other internet traffic on other client devices.	0
What is the key difference between netgear click switch and netgear plus switch?	A6210 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6210 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
What is the key difference between netgear click switch and netgear plus switch?	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select “ADVANCED” tab, then click “Administration”, “Set Password” menus. After entering in the new password, please click the “Apply” button for it to take effect.	0
What is the key difference between netgear click switch and netgear plus switch?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the max speed of xav5004?	It is using an Intellon 7400 chipset solution, and the max performance is 500Mbps.	1
What is the max speed of xav5004?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3700.	0
What is the max speed of xav5004?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
What is the max speed of xav5004?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
What is the max speed of xav5004?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5601 Configuration utility.	0
What is the max speed of xav5004?	Yes, the GS316 supports Flow Control.	0
What is the maximum ambient temperature aps150w allow?	The operational temperature is -5 to 55ºC (23 to 122ºF).	1
What is the maximum ambient temperature aps150w allow?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drive. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the JNR3210 (please note that JNR3000 does not support USB port) at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
What is the maximum ambient temperature aps150w allow?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
What is the maximum ambient temperature aps150w allow?	Customers must use the AC762S with an active SIM card which can be purchased from a mobile operator in your country. Data plan fees apply, and are sold directly by the mobile operator.	0
What is the maximum ambient temperature aps150w allow?	No. The extender is designed to connect wirelessly to the router.	0
What is the maximum ambient temperature aps150w allow?	Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Internet LED turns to blinking amber. Release the Restore Factory Settings button, and wait for the router to reboot. The factory default settings are restored so that you can access the router from your Web browser using the factory defaults.	0
What is the maximum data does ac327u support?	AC327U supports up to 7.2Mbps @ Downlink and 5.76Mbps @ uplink. The detail spec as shown below: HSPA (7.2 Mbps), HSUPA (5.76 Mbps), UMTS (384 Kbps), GPRS (85.6 Kbps) Ps: AC327U does not support EDGE due to cost saving.	1
What is the maximum data does ac327u support?	The Digital Entertainer HD is compatible with most protected content which uses the Microsoft Windows Media DRM formats and with iTunes protected audio files (.M4P). To play these formats you will need a PC with Windows Media Player 11, or a Viiv PC for WMDRM files, and a Windows PC with iTunes for Windows for iTunes protected audio files.	0
What is the maximum data does ac327u support?	NETGEAR home routers support PPPoA and PPPoE encapsulation. IPoA (IP over ATM) is not supported.	0
What is the maximum data does ac327u support?	Push ’N’ Connect is an easy way to connect your wireless devices to the router without remembering passwords and SSIDs. DGN2200 supports WiFi Protected Setup (WPS), a WiFi Alliance standard specification which enables Push ‘N’ Connect. You need to have a WPS enabled Wireless-N client or adapter like WN111 for Push ’N’ Connect to work with DGN2200.	0
What is the maximum data does ac327u support?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the router wirelessly and be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
What is the maximum data does ac327u support?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
What is the maximum data does ac329u support?	AC329U supports up to 21.6Mbps @ Downlink and 5.76Mbps @ uplink. The detail spec as shown below: HSPA+ (21 Mbps), HSUPA (5.76 Mbps), UMTS (384 Kbps), EDGE (237 Kbps), GPRS (85.6 Kbps)	1
What is the maximum data does ac329u support?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input)	0
What is the maximum data does ac329u support?	1. Please make sure the connected device is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
What is the maximum data does ac329u support?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX3700. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX3700. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
What is the maximum data does ac329u support?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
What is the maximum data does ac329u support?	Yes, we can play back iTunes music. If you purchased songs on iTunes, you will need to have a Windows PC authorized to play these songs available on your home network when you try to play the protected songs.	0
What is the maximum data transfer rate supported by wn111v2?	WN111v2 can achieve up to 300Mbps when connecting to a RANGEMAX NEXT wireless router WNR854T. In order for WN111v2 to reach the maximum performance with RANGEMAX NEXT wireless router, either no security or WPA2-PSK [AES] should be used when connecting to a WNR854T.	1
What is the maximum data transfer rate supported by wn111v2?	1. Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
What is the maximum data transfer rate supported by wn111v2?	Many DVDs and Blu-ray Discs include copy protection mechanisms that prevent playback on Intel Wireless Display before software version v2.1.0.0.You also need a contain protection enable PC to playback on Intel Wireless Display.However, personal content that you have burned to a disc will work.	0
What is the maximum data transfer rate supported by wn111v2?	Retail: Best Buy, Frys, Staples, Office Depot	0
What is the maximum data transfer rate supported by wn111v2?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
What is the maximum data transfer rate supported by wn111v2?	You can have more than one Extender connection to your Router network, however you cannot daisy chain your additional Extenders. Daisy chaining is not officially supported and will affect performance for client devices connected to the second Extender in the chain.	0
What is the maximum hdd capacity that can be connected to the usb port of dgnd3700?	There is no limitation in terms of HDD capacity that can be connected, we have tested up to 4TB HDD capacity.	1
What is the maximum hdd capacity that can be connected to the usb port of dgnd3700?	The IR allows the NeoTV PRIME remote control to change the volume and channels of your Cable/Satellite set top box.	0
What is the maximum hdd capacity that can be connected to the usb port of dgnd3700?	During installation via the Web genie, R6250 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest FW on web site every time when you login the GUI.	0
What is the maximum hdd capacity that can be connected to the usb port of dgnd3700?	No.	0
What is the maximum hdd capacity that can be connected to the usb port of dgnd3700?	* [ReadyDR FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/31224)	0
What is the maximum hdd capacity that can be connected to the usb port of dgnd3700?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	0
What is the maximum hdd partition size supported by c3000/c3700 readyshare feature?	The maximum supported HDD partition size supported by C3000/C3700 is 2-terabytes (TB). If using HDDs larger than 2 TB, the HDD will need to be partition into partitions smaller than 2 TB (e.g. If 4 TB HDD is being used you will need to partition the HDD into two 2 TB partitions in order for C3000/C3700 to detect it).	1
What is the maximum hdd partition size supported by c3000/c3700 readyshare feature?	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	0
What is the maximum hdd partition size supported by c3000/c3700 readyshare feature?	Please try the following steps:	0
What is the maximum hdd partition size supported by c3000/c3700 readyshare feature?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable internet service. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
What is the maximum hdd partition size supported by c3000/c3700 readyshare feature?	The DGN3500 has internal antennas adjusted to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
What is the maximum hdd partition size supported by c3000/c3700 readyshare feature?	Guest wireless networks are enabled and configured in “Wireless Guest Network” page of GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
What is the maximum link rate for the r6100 wifi router in 11ac mode?	The link rate depends on the computer networking standard that your wireless devices support. If you use 11n wireless devices to connect with the R6100 WiFi Router, the maximum connection link rate is 300 Mbps. To take advantage of the higher 802.11ac WiFi speeds, you must connect to the R6100 WiFi Router with an 802.11ac client device, such as the NETGEAR 11 ac A6200 Wireless Aapter. If you connect the R6100 WiFi Router with the NETGEAR 11ac A6200 Wireless Adapter, the maximum connection link rate is 867 Mbps.	1
What is the maximum link rate for the r6100 wifi router in 11ac mode?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the maximum link rate for the r6100 wifi router in 11ac mode?	After you have successfully setup the WNR2000v2 to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	0
What is the maximum link rate for the r6100 wifi router in 11ac mode?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
What is the maximum link rate for the r6100 wifi router in 11ac mode?	They support to get dynamic IP address from DHCP server by default. If a DHCP server is not installed in your network, the default IP address is 192.168.0.239	0
What is the maximum link rate for the r6100 wifi router in 11ac mode?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	0
What is the maximum link rate in r6200v2 11ac mode?	If you use 11ac wireless devices to connect with R6200, the maximum connection	1
What is the maximum link rate in r6200v2 11ac mode?	There is a configuration Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC. Also, once you know the IP address through the Plus Utility, you can configure it via Web browser.	0
What is the maximum link rate in r6200v2 11ac mode?	Yes, but not all. Please check the router's user manual for its features and capabilities.	0
What is the maximum link rate in r6200v2 11ac mode?	It supports a maximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
What is the maximum link rate in r6200v2 11ac mode?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
What is the maximum link rate in r6200v2 11ac mode?	By default, the PL1000 device and PLW1000 use the same default encryption key so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
What is the maximum number of concurrent clients that can connect to the vpn service?	It supports a AnchorAnchormaximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	1
What is the maximum number of concurrent clients that can connect to the vpn service?	That means the Nighthawk WiFi Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. Please try to plug the USB storage device into other USB port, and see if it works.	0
What is the maximum number of concurrent clients that can connect to the vpn service?	Push ’N’ Connect is an easy way to connect your wireless devices to the router without remembering passwords and SSIDs. DGN1000 supports WiFi Protected Setup (WPS), a WiFi Alliance standard specification which enables Push ‘N’Connect. You need to have a WPS enabled Wireless-N client or adapter like WN111v2 for Push ’N’ Connect to work with DGN1000.	0
What is the maximum number of concurrent clients that can connect to the vpn service?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
What is the maximum number of concurrent clients that can connect to the vpn service?	Yes, please download it from the NETGEAR SUPPORT web site.	0
What is the maximum number of concurrent clients that can connect to the vpn service?	WNDR3400v3 has 1 USB 2.0 port.	0
What is the maximum number of concurrent tcp sessions that our d6300 can support?	TCP connections is also limited by the PC. In reality, it does not matter how many concurrent sessions the router can support. If the PC cannot support enough sessions, regardless of how many sessions the router can support, that number can never be reached. The limitation on the PC is always a lot less that what the router can support.	1
What is the maximum number of concurrent tcp sessions that our d6300 can support?	Wireless-N draft 802.11n version 2.0: The 802.11n standard will be the next generation of high-speed Wi-Fi, capable of delivering the range and capacity to support today's most bandwidth-hungry applications, like streaming HD (High Definition) video, voice and music. The IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers) Task Group-N committee is still working to finalize the standard. It is currently expected to be ratified in July of 2009. In the mean time, the WiFi Consortium is certifying Wireless-N products against the draft 2.0 revision of the standards. This creates a de-facto standard in the market that users can take advantage of. NETGEAR Wireless-N products are all WiFi certified.	0
What is the maximum number of concurrent tcp sessions that our d6300 can support?	There is no option available in the GUI to upgrade firmware for the N450. The firmware upgrade is done automatically through your internet service provider. They will push the firmware through their network. No action is needed by the customer.	0
What is the maximum number of concurrent tcp sessions that our d6300 can support?	Yes. To display different content, change the screen display setting on your computer to extend mode.	0
What is the maximum number of concurrent tcp sessions that our d6300 can support?	For each XAVB2001 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is the maximum number of concurrent tcp sessions that our d6300 can support?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
What is the maximum number of files that can be indexed from an external storage of the r6300?	There is no limit on the number of files that can be indexed by the R6300 router. As long as the drive is supported by the router, it should be able to index all files on it.	1
What is the maximum number of files that can be indexed from an external storage of the r6300?	If you do not own a ReadyCLOUD-enabled device, you must follow these steps:	0
What is the maximum number of files that can be indexed from an external storage of the r6300?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What is the maximum number of files that can be indexed from an external storage of the r6300?	Additional info and utility can be found at [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
What is the maximum number of files that can be indexed from an external storage of the r6300?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
What is the maximum number of files that can be indexed from an external storage of the r6300?	 DO NOT power off or reboot the router during the firmware update, otherwise it may corrupt the firmware and render the router inoperable.	0
What is the maximum number of music files supported by the r6400 itunes server?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only the music files are supported.	1
What is the maximum number of music files supported by the r6400 itunes server?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
What is the maximum number of music files supported by the r6400 itunes server?	The Nighthawk X6 Tri - Band Router boosts WiFi speeds on 2.4 GHz with support for 256 QAM. This is a specific mode-Turbo QAM supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more WiFi clients based on 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure that even when you connect on the 2.4 GHz band with these 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
What is the maximum number of music files supported by the r6400 itunes server?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What is the maximum number of music files supported by the r6400 itunes server?	Quality of Service (QoS) prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port. QoS is built into NETGEARâ€™s WNR3500.	0
What is the maximum number of music files supported by the r6400 itunes server?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router. Users can put the switch either at “wireless” or “wired” position depending on the use scenario. “Wired” position is selected if the Internet is reachable from a wired connection, for instance, by a DSL modem or another router’s LAN port. Otherwise, “wireless” position is preferred if a user wants to share a Hotspot wireless connection among various wireless devices.	0
What is the maximum number of music files supported for itunes server?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	1
What is the maximum number of music files supported for itunes server?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
What is the maximum number of music files supported for itunes server?	No, If you need support for a downloaded application you need to go to the person or company that created the application.	0
What is the maximum number of music files supported for itunes server?	ReadyNAS devices can service multiple needs. The most common uses in business are backup, file server, and virtualization. You can safely backup all your data from any computer to the ReadyNAS. The ReadyNAS even provides options to copy data to another off-site ReadyNAS for disaster recovery in case of fires, floods, or other disasters or copy data to the cloud. File Servers are efficient ways to share data among employees, customers, and partners. No more emailing files back and forth. As businesses grow and start to host their own servers onsite, virtualization becomes a must to achieve high efficiency. ReadyNAS is certified with VMware, Citrix, and Hyper-V.	0
What is the maximum number of music files supported for itunes server?	* [ReadyCLOUD to MyNETGEAR Single Sign-On FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30671)	0
What is the maximum number of music files supported for itunes server?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3800B.	0
What is the maximum power used by the wn2500rp?	 The maximum power used by the WN2500RP is 7.9 watts.	1
What is the maximum power used by the wn2500rp?	Yes, you need to change your screen display setting to extend mode.	0
What is the maximum power used by the wn2500rp?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the maximum power used by the wn2500rp?	a. Virus and spam definitions are constantly updated by NETGEAR ProSECURE Labs employees and your appliance will update itself on an hourly basis by default.	0
What is the maximum power used by the wn2500rp?	Your router needs to do lots of computation to provide you with detailed real time bandwidth statistics for each connected device and applications running on them. To minimize the impact on other router features and functionalities, it is designed to provide statistics on a request/update basis. Please click the  REFRESH button on  ATTACHED DEVICES page to update your bandwidth statistics.	0
What is the maximum power used by the wn2500rp?	ReadyNAS Vault stores your offsite in the Cloud. It is maintained (at a minimum) on multiple devices across several facilities in a system designed to protect the loss of data in one of the facilities, so that even large-scale natural disasters do not pose a threat to the integrity and security of user data. While we do not disclose the exact locations of the facilities, our technical team partners with Amazon Web Services to utilize their physical infrastructure. For more info, see [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208282596-Where-is-my-account-data-physically-stored- ](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208282596-Where-is-my-account-data-physically-stored-Â )	0
What is the maximum throughput of the mca1001v2?	The maximum possible throughput is 175 Mbps. Real performance may significantly vary depending on the distance between the devices, the quality of the cabling and other factors.	1
What is the maximum throughput of the mca1001v2?	The NETGEAR ProSAFE M6100 Chassis Switch consists of Gigabit access layer and 10 Gigabit distribution layer switches in the NETGEAR modular chassis switch product line.	0
What is the maximum throughput of the mca1001v2?	ReadyNAS Vault will first require you to register for an account here: [http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs](http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs)/. (Free trials are available.) Once registered, you can enable the ReadyNAS Vault and log into the application. More details can be found here: [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started)	0
What is the maximum throughput of the mca1001v2?	Yes, the XAVB2001 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
What is the maximum throughput of the mca1001v2?	192.168.0.1.	0
What is the maximum throughput of the mca1001v2?	If this is first time installing the R7300 with the DST6501 add-on, power on the R7300 and DST6501 first, so they will all be connected by the default DST encryption key. You can then install them through NETGEAR genie.	0
What is the maximum video resolution of arlo q cameras?	View Arlo Q cameras in HD with a crystal clear resolution of 1080p.	1
What is the maximum video resolution of arlo q cameras?	* For each PL1000 device, press its security button for more than 2 seconds, then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink.	0
What is the maximum video resolution of arlo q cameras?	* For each XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 device, press its Security button for > 1.5, < 5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is the maximum video resolution of arlo q cameras?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	0
What is the maximum video resolution of arlo q cameras?	The ADSL throughput is comparable. The WiFi throughput is comparable, and the number of WiFi devices that can be connected is comparable. The difference is in the number Ethernet ports that are available. Furthermore, the D500 does not have USB port, as does DGN2200.	0
What is the maximum video resolution of arlo q cameras?	They are ProSAFE 8-port and 16-port Gigabit Click Switches. , offering the same software features as Plus Switches.	0
What is the maximum wireless speed of the wndr3400v3?	The maximum speed for both 2.4GHz and 5GHz bands is upto 300Mbps.	1
What is the maximum wireless speed of the wndr3400v3?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with a ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the maximum wireless speed of the wndr3400v3?	Currently the NeoTV PRIME needs to be on in order to watch a set top box program through Live TV. NETGEAR is currently working on a new feature to support the pass through mode without having to turn on the NeoTV PRIME.	0
What is the maximum wireless speed of the wndr3400v3?	There is a configuration Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC. Also, once you know the IP address through the Plus Utility, you can configure it via Web browser.	0
What is the maximum wireless speed of the wndr3400v3?	Factory reset can be accomplished by holding the hardware reset button for over two seconds or using the software Factory Reset button via the NETGEAR genie app or NETGEAR genie web user interface.	0
What is the maximum wireless speed of the wndr3400v3?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the Extender network and your PC is configured as DHCP client mode. In your browser, type the URL http://www.mywifiext.net. If you still cannot access the Extender, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL http://www.mywifiext.net.	0
What is the milliwatt output of the wn2500rp?	These are the information that we can give about this extender:	1
What is the milliwatt output of the wn2500rp?	 XCM8903SK M6100-44G3-POE+ Starter Kit bundle including M6100-3S base chassis, XCM8944 blade, XCM89P daughter card, AFT603 fan tray, APS1000W power supply	0
What is the milliwatt output of the wn2500rp?	No. Universal WiFi Range Extender is designed to work as an AP/client bridge, not an access point. Instead, you can connect a computer to the extender by an Ethernet cable. The proper usage of the product is to wirelessly connect the Extender to the existing router—in this case, the Extender functions as a client. On the other end, wirelessly connect the Extender to the PC—in this case, the Extender functions as an access point.	0
What is the milliwatt output of the wn2500rp?	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TVs is recommended for the best viewing experience.	0
What is the milliwatt output of the wn2500rp?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
What is the milliwatt output of the wn2500rp?	There is a configuration Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You must install it on a window-based PC. Also, once you know the IP address through the Plus Utility, you can configure it via Web browser.	0
What is the modem’s default ip address?	The default IP address is 192.168.0.1.	1
What is the modem’s default ip address?	Please connect to EX2700 through wired, and login at http://www.mywifiext.net, and check the wireless setting page.If you still cannot access the extender, please reset it back to factory default.	0
What is the modem’s default ip address?	You need a base station to connect Arlo Wire-Free cameras. You don't need a base station with Arlo Q cameras. Arlo Q cameras connect directly to your Wi-Fi router.	0
What is the modem’s default ip address?	We encourage you to renew your license on time to avoid any backdating penalty and take advantage of existing and new features.	0
What is the modem’s default ip address?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
What is the modem’s default ip address?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What is the mu-mimo?	MU-MIMO is a new Wi-Fi technology which allows multiple 1x1 or 2x2 clients to transmit and receive wireless packets at the same time. With the current technology, the router handles wireless packets one at a time, even with multiple Wi-Fi clients. MU-MIMO can break this limitation and also be very useful for current popular Wi-Fi devices, like mobile devices and IoT devices. Your Wi-Fi client must support the MU-MIMO capability in order to receive the benefits of it.	1
What is the mu-mimo?	Traditional wireless networks (802.11b, 802.11g) use the 2.4 GHz frequency. However this frequency is very crowded as many devices in a typical home use it including Bluetooth, microwave ovens, some cordless phones, and baby monitors. This problem of crowded frequencies is compounded now that WiFi has become very popular, as many neighboring homes / apartments will also have WiFi on 2.4 GHz. The result is slow / inconsistent connections and shared bandwidth. This is particularly a problem when attempted high end applications such as Video Streaming. The 5 GHz frequency is much cleaner, with far less devices using it. And there are much more “channels” to choose from on 5 GHz, so even if many neighbors use 5 GHz, it is very easy to find a channel that no-one is using, and therefore has no interference. NETGEAR’s Dual Band technology uses both 2.4 GHz for backwards compatibility and 5 GHz for low interference networking.	0
What is the mu-mimo?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the mu-mimo?	The power consumption of XAVB5602 is 2.0 Watts in 110V AC and 2.3 Watts in 220V AC.	0
What is the mu-mimo?	To upgrade your router firmware, see [Installing the latest firmware on a NETGEAR router](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23442)	0
What is the mu-mimo?	Use this method if you have a wireless router or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
What is the nand and sdram size of ac327u?	NAND+SDRAM 512M bits + 256M bits	1
What is the nand and sdram size of ac327u?	The user can either press the Reset button for 1 second or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV5201 Configuration utility.	0
What is the nand and sdram size of ac327u?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What is the nand and sdram size of ac327u?	We don’t suggest it but you can use other USB3.0 cable to connect A6210 to your computer. there are something important to highlight that 1. Please don’t use USB2.0 cable. If you use USB2.0 cable, A6210 can’t function as USB3.0 device. 2. Please don’t use too long USB3.0 cable because it will make too large voltage drop to let computer can’t detect A6210.	0
What is the nand and sdram size of ac327u?	DGN1000 is based on the new 802.11n technology with provides much faster speeds (Up to	0
What is the nand and sdram size of ac327u?	* Green: The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps.	0
What is the nand and sdram size of ac329u?	NAND+SDRAM 1G bits + 512M bits	1
What is the nand and sdram size of ac329u?	This security option is only available on the 2.4 GHz band and not available on the 5GHz band.	0
What is the nand and sdram size of ac329u?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB2101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What is the nand and sdram size of ac329u?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
What is the nand and sdram size of ac329u?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XWN5001 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
What is the nand and sdram size of ac329u?	Yes, the Digital Entertainer comes bundled with Microsoft Windows Media Connect, which can serve various media files for playback on the Digital Entertainer.	0
What is the netgear powerline 200mbps product models?	XAV101, XAV2001,XAV2501,XAV1004 and XAVN2001 (support wireless).	1
What is the netgear powerline 200mbps product models?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGND3700 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
What is the netgear powerline 200mbps product models?	Visit [http://readycloud.netgear.com](http://readycloud.netgear.com) on a computer that is on the same local area network (LAN) and Internet connection as your ReadyNAS system. If your computer does not have Internet access, install and run the RAIDar utility instead. RAIDar is on the resource CD that came with your system.	0
What is the netgear powerline 200mbps product models?	NO! The DST6501 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
What is the netgear powerline 200mbps product models?	Arlo Q cameras use 2.4GHz and 5GHz.	0
What is the netgear powerline 200mbps product models?	Push-N-Connect is a feature which makes it very simple to connect wireless devices (notebooks, desktops, etc.) to a secure wireless network without needing to remember security pass phrases, or security method (WEP, WPA-PSK, WPA2). The user only needs to select the wireless network that they want to connect to, and then press the Push-N-Connect button on the router. Push-N-Connect does the rest. Push-N-Connect must be supported on the router and each wireless device in order to take advantage of this feature. Push-N-Connect is based on the WiFi Protected Setup (WPS) standard.	0
What is the netgear powerline line 500mbps product models?	XAV5001,XAV5501,XAV5004.	1
What is the netgear powerline line 500mbps product models?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the netgear powerline line 500mbps product models?	EX6000 is unlike EX6120 (or the other extenders), and it support hardware AP/Extender mode switching button. By pressing the WPS/Mode button longer than 5 seconds, EX6000 can switch between AP (Access Point) and Extender mode. Please refer to Quick Start Guide for the switching function and LED indication.	0
What is the netgear powerline line 500mbps product models?	For assistance in finding or changing your wireless network password, see [Find or change the Wi-Fi password for your NETGEAR router](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23439)	0
What is the netgear powerline line 500mbps product models?	The FastUplink feature is used for quick selection of a port with lowest cost, when the root port fails. In other words, FastUplink feature is used to reduce the time taken to converge, when a link fails. This feature is similar to Cisco® Uplink Fast feature. When the primary link fails, FastUplink will create an alternate path immediately. Since the ports that apply FastUplink don’t have to wait for normal convergence time, this will speed up the transition from the failed primary link to the backup link (the port in a blocking state).	0
What is the netgear powerline line 500mbps product models?	No, the EVA8000 does not get very hot, though it is recommended that it have decent ventilation, since like any piece of electronics it will build up heat over time.	0
What is the netgear prosafe m6100 chassis switch?	The NETGEAR ProSAFE M6100 Chassis Switch consists of Gigabit access layer and 10 Gigabit distribution layer switches in the NETGEAR modular chassis switch product line.	1
What is the netgear prosafe m6100 chassis switch?	DST is an acronym for Dead Spot Terminator. DST is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via electrical wiring in your home. The standard is called HomePlug AV (HPAV2).	0
What is the netgear prosafe m6100 chassis switch?	DFS stands for Dynamic Frequency Selection and in order for any wireless device operating at DFS channels; the device must apply a special regulatory certification. WNDA3100v2 passed the DFS certification at various regions WW, except North America. Therefore, please configure your 5GHz router running at non-DFS channel(s) if you are in North America region. You could refer to the product label of you WNDA3100v2, if the FCC ID is PY308300091, your device can not operate DFS channel(s) in North America. As for other regions (such Europe), WNDA3100v2 can detect wireless 5GHz routers running at DFS channels. The non-DFS channels for US are Channel 36-48 and Channel 149-161. The non-DFS channels for Europe are Channel 36 to Channel 48.	0
What is the netgear prosafe m6100 chassis switch?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the netgear prosafe m6100 chassis switch?	It should work as long as it is a static IP address. Just make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the Internet, whether it is IPv4 or IPv6. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have the plus or premium account.	0
What is the netgear prosafe m6100 chassis switch?	XAV5001,XAV5501,XAV5004.	0
What is the netgear stora?	Stora is a comprehensive home network storage system that lets you store, share and protect music, movies, photos and data using any device on your home network and over the Internet.	1
What is the netgear stora?	Yes. The Push 'N' Connect button can be used to connect the Extender to your existing router or connect your PC to the Extender. To use WPS to connect the extender to your router or your PC, first, press WN31000RP's WPS button. Within 2 minutes, press your router or your PC's WPS button.	0
What is the netgear stora?	Please make sure that the power switch at the rear is pushed to ON position.	0
What is the netgear stora?	The XAVB5601 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site.	0
What is the netgear stora?	M6100-3S chassis total throughput is 357 Mpps (Million packets per second) inter-module and 1,071 Mpps intra-module.	0
What is the netgear stora?	No. XAVB5501 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
What is the ntv200 remote code?	None. It is recommended to use a universal remote control that uses NEC protocol.	1
What is the ntv200 remote code?	C6300 is a dual band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device’s capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	0
What is the ntv200 remote code?	* [ReadyCLOUD to MyNETGEAR Single Sign-On FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30671)	0
What is the ntv200 remote code?	The power consumption of XAV2001 is 4 Watts in 110V AC and 5 Watts in 220V AC .	0
What is the ntv200 remote code?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the ntv200 remote code?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XWN5021 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
What is the port aggregation on the r8500?	Port aggregation lets you combine two Gigabit Ethernet ports on the Nighthawk router to improve the aggregated file transfer speed. If a device supports Ethernet aggregation like a NAS or managed network switch, you can use the Ethernet aggregate ports 1 and 2 to cable the device to your router. Note that Ethernet port aggregation is also referred to as link aggregation, teaming port, and port trunking.	1
What is the port aggregation on the r8500?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation and you need to stop it before installing the adapter.	0
What is the port aggregation on the r8500?	"1. Push the ""WPS and DST Router Sync"" button on the DST adapter for two seconds."	0
What is the port aggregation on the r8500?	XS708Ev2 supports loop detection (not prevention). When a loop is detected, both LEDs on the affected ports will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second. Loop detection is user configurable and it is disabled by default.	0
What is the port aggregation on the r8500?	A6200 supports both 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless signal. The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
What is the port aggregation on the r8500?	Launch the Wireless Configuration Utility by clicking on the icon in your OS notifications area. Select your network and click Connect.	0
What is the power class of each band?	Please see below in details	1
What is the power class of each band?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
What is the power class of each band?	NETGEAR recommends that you leave 20% of the volume free, since the free space is used for snapshots and file system metadata.	0
What is the power class of each band?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	0
What is the power class of each band?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB6504 configuration utility.	0
What is the power class of each band?	The resource CD that comes with the product will provide a step-by-step instruction on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard utility (or Windows Zero Config, Vista’s Auto Config, Windows 7 WCN) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instruction on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide or User Reference Manual on NETGEAR web site for more information.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl p 1200?	The power consumption of PLP1200 is 2.06W when Ethernet cable is connected, 0.46W standby mode (Ethernet cable is disconnected or Ethernet link lost ).	1
What is the power consumption of the pl p 1200?	WNDA3100v2 can be configured to work at certain speed and certain frequency. The option is available in the Advance settings of the NETGEAR Smart Wizard (Wireless Assistant). These options are available but should only be used if you are an advanced user.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl p 1200?	The maximum supported HDD partition size supported by C3000/C3700 is 2-terabytes (TB). If using HDDs larger than 2 TB, the HDD will need to be partition into partitions smaller than 2 TB (e.g. If 4 TB HDD is being used you will need to partition the HDD into two 2 TB partitions in order for C3000/C3700 to detect it).	0
What is the power consumption of the pl p 1200?	The power consumption of PLP1200 is 2.06W when Ethernet cable is connected, 0.46W standby mode (Ethernet cable is disconnected or Ethernet link lost ).	0
What is the power consumption of the pl p 1200?	* Make sure the WLAN LED is green. If it is not green color, move WNCE2001 closer to your AP.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl p 1200?	The R6200v2 adopts the latest 11ac latest chip sets, supports a USB 3.0 port, and 256MB Flash memory for future software features expansion.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl1000?	The max power consumption of the PL1000 is 3.73 watts. In standby mode it only consumes 0.49 watts.	1
What is the power consumption of the pl1000?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl1000?	It is 16 Amp for GR and FR, 15 Amp for NA and 13 Amp for UK.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl1000?	* [Recovering a folder with ReadyCLOUD](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29795)	0
What is the power consumption of the pl1000?	Press and hold Reset switch, then use short press to toggle through menu entries, use long press to confirm selection. For details, please check RN3138 hardware manual.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl1000?	When the link is at 10000Mbps, left LED is Green, right LED is off.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl1200?	The power consumption of PL1200 is 1.93W when the ethernet cable is connected , 0.49W standby mode (Ethernet cable disconnected or Ethernet link lost).	1
What is the power consumption of the pl1200?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl1200?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl1200?	1. Try uninstalling the Intel WiFi driver, then reinstalling the latest Intel WiFi driver.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl1200?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5602 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What is the power consumption of the pl1200?	The R6220 supports the WiFi Beamforming technology on 5GHz(11ac) band.	0
What is the power consumption of the plw1000?	The power consumption is 9.49W	1
What is the power consumption of the plw1000?	[How do I change the file and folder permission on the ReadyNAS that is attached to domain controller?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21506)	0
What is the power consumption of the plw1000?	The R7300 DST comes with a 1 year warranty which is handled by GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for warranty assistance.	0
What is the power consumption of the plw1000?	The XWN5001 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The device will resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	0
What is the power consumption of the plw1000?	Our XAVB2101 is compatible with all of our 200 Mbps Home Plug AV products and our 500 Mbps Home Plug AV Products, for example XAVB2001, XAVB1004, XAVB5001, XAVB5501, and XAVB101v2. It is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps powerline products like XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	0
What is the power consumption of the plw1000?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav1004?	The power consumption of XAV1004 is 3.5 Watts at max usage. However the XAV101 has usage of 4 Watts.	1
What is the power consumption of the xav1004?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5601 Configuration utility.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav1004?	The DC113A cradle works with the following devices:	0
What is the power consumption of the xav1004?	Yes. You can press the “Menu” key and select the subtitle, audio or chapter from the on-screen menu.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav1004?	* Each Ethernet port has one LED.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav1004?	Please follow below steps to configure.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav101?	The power consumption of XAV101 is 4 Watts.	1
What is the power consumption of the xav101?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav101?	Yes, R7300 supports the VLAN feature for internal VLAN separation.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav101?	A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
What is the power consumption of the xav101?	64 entries is allowed for new routers (i.e. Nighthawks), while 20 for older routers.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav101?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB2101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav101v2?	The max loading power consumption of XAV101v2 is less than 4 Watts.	1
What is the power consumption of the xav101v2?	If user use 11n wireless adapters to connect with D6300, the maximum connection speed he have is the same as maximum connection speed that 11n wireless adapters has. Because 11n wireless adapters did not have 11ac link rate.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav101v2?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What is the power consumption of the xav101v2?	The big difference between WNDAP330 and WNDAP350 is listed in question 2. Apart from that there are other feature differences as specified in the respective data sheets.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav101v2?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes in amber.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav101v2?	Make sure your PC is connected to the WiFi Booster by using the SSID and the passphrase that you have just set up, and clicking the Refresh button in your browser. This will return you to the Smart Wizard.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav5001?	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	1
What is the power consumption of the xav5001?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav5001?	The topology will be depicted as below:	0
What is the power consumption of the xav5001?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav5001?	Press and hold the button on the bottom for 5 seconds to reset the router to factory default settings.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav5001?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav5201?	The power consumption of XAV5201 is 2.4 Watts.	1
What is the power consumption of the xav5201?	Yes. Please download the desktop genie from the NETGEAR web site.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav5201?	The factory reset button is located next to the Ethernet port of the CMD31T. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 5-10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav5201?	No, the cable router should automatically be provisioned by the service provider. Please contact your service provider if the unit is unable to connect online.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav5201?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
What is the power consumption of the xav5201?	The Powerline LED is used you to select the best performing outlet in the room by reading the Powerline LED color to achieve maximum performance.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb1101?	The maximum power consumption of XAV1101 is 3 Watts.	1
What is the power consumption of the xavb1101?	* It is likely that your extender is placed at the borderline of the signal range covered by your main WiFi router. Moving your extender closer to the main WiFi router will most likely resolve this.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb1101?	* Press the Security button of one of the XAVB1101 units for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb1101?	The ReadyNAS OS 6 device protects user data by scanning all files as they are written to the NAS. This includes scanning for virus, malware, and Trojans. The user does not need to subscribe or pay an additional fee for this feature. All the user needs to do is enable it in the System - Settings page.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb1101?	From Windows select Start > Search and type in the search field Allow a program through a Windows Firewall. Add WiDiApp and Wireless PAN DHCP Server to the list of allowed programs. Make sure both private and public check boxes are selected. If you are not using Windows Firewall, consult your firewall user's manual.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb1101?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb2001?	The power consumption of XAV2001 is 4 Watts in 110V AC and 5 Watts in 220V AC .	1
What is the power consumption of the xavb2001?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA4100.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb2001?	The WNHDB3004 is the industry’s first 4x4 MIMO solution, 4 transmitters and 4 receivers. In addition, the WiFi technologies below made it possible to increase its range and provides resiliency and reliability of streaming Video over Wireless:	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb2001?	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb2001?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb2001?	Yes, WPN824 can double its range by setting it up in a Repeater mode.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5001?	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC .	1
What is the power consumption of the xavb5001?	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support Flow Control.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5001?	It should work as long as it is a static IP address. Just make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the Internet, whether it is IPv4 or IPv6. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have the plus or premium account.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5001?	Under the default settings of the N450, open your browser (IE/Chrome/Firefox/Safari) and enter the URL [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) to access GUI. The default account is admin/password.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5001?	DGND3700 automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the Internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5001?	Wireless-N draft 802.11n version 2.0: The 802.11n standard will be the next generation of high-speed Wi-Fi, capable of delivering the range and capacity to support today's most bandwidth-hungry applications, like streaming HD (High Definition) video, voice and music. The IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronic Engineers) Task Group-N committee is still working to finalize the standard. It is currently expected to be ratified in July of 2009. In the mean time, the WiFi Consortium is certifying Wireless-N products against the draft 2.0 revision of the standards. This creates a de-facto standard in the market that users can take advantage of. NETGEAR Wireless-N products are all WiFi certified.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5101?	The power consumption of XAV5101 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 4.5 Watts in 220V AC.	1
What is the power consumption of the xavb5101?	Enter http://192.168.1.1 or http://www.routerlogin.net in the address field of your web browser.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5101?	D1500 provides a simplified version of repeater function. It connects to its uplink router like a client connects to a router. Below are the steps:	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5101?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5101?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (WiFi Protected Setup) Push ‘N’ Connect button:	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5101?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	The power consumption of XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 is 2.0 Watts in 110V AC and 2.3 Watts in 220V AC.	1
What is the power consumption of the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	First, make sure your computer is on DHCP. Second, make sure the PC to WiFi Booster status LED is green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, re-launch the browser and enter [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [ WWW.MYWIFIEXT.COM](http://www.mywifiext.com). If your PC has ipv6 enabled, please disable it during installation.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1601 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use Microsoft AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the client GUI while the AP is in unconfigured mode and your PC pops up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	There is one known issue in the software that is included in CD v1.0 (software version v1.0.0.18) about WPS PBC. If you use newer version CD or you use software upgrade function, this issue will be solved. The issue description is this : If you have another NETGEAR older products WNA3100 or WNDA3100v2 installed in your computer before, and you install A6200. This will cause A6200 WPS PBC can't work. However, you still can key in passphrase to manually connect to router via genie. The workaround solution is you can uninstall WNA3100 or WNDA3100v2 first and then install A6200 again. This known issue only happens in CD v1.0 and software v1.0.0.18. Newer version doesn't have this issue.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5501?	The power consumption of XAV5501 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	1
What is the power consumption of the xavb5501?	The SPI firewall that the R7000 is built-in but cannot be customized.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5501?	Please connect to WN31000RPT through wired, and login at [http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net), and check the wireless setting page. If you still cannot access WN31000RP, please reset WN31000RP back to factory default.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5501?	Yes. WNR2500 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5501?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5501?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5601?	The power consumption of XAV5601 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 4.5 Watts in 220V AC.	1
What is the power consumption of the xavb5601?	* MBR1515 WiFi router connects to the Verizon Wireless 4G LTE network via a 4G LTE wireless modem embedded in the router	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5601?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. With WPS, it automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5601?	No, the EVA8000 does not get very hot, though it is recommended that it have decent ventilation, since like any piece of electronics it will build up heat over time.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5601?	"XAV2602 is one of ""Pass Thru"" Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won't be able to occupy the original electrical outlet."	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5601?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5602?	The power consumption of XAVB5602 is 2.0 Watts in 110V AC and 2.3 Watts in 220V AC.	1
What is the power consumption of the xavb5602?	Use Intel Wireless Display to check the wireless connection and reconnect to the Push2TV adapter if necessary.If the situation continues, try moving your laptop closer to the Push2TV adapter or place it in a location with a clear line of sight to the Push2TV adapter. Changing the channel of your WiFi router may also help.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5602?	* [Create a Shared Folder](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26488)	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5602?	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5602?	For detailed instructions on Nighthawk Tri-band extender log in, see [How to log into the Nighthawk Tri-Band WiFi Range Extender](https://kb.netgear.com/000044735/How-to-log-into-the-Nighthawk-Tri-Band-WiFi-Range-Extender).	0
What is the power consumption of the xavb5602?	The first 3 bytes of MAC address is translated into 02:0F:B5 as mentioned above. Please log into router and add translated MAC addresses into IP reservation list.	0
What is the power of the amplifier in the r7000?	The antennas are 3 dBi.	1
What is the power of the amplifier in the r7000?	Although the R8500 is a 4x4 Wi-Fi router, there are no 4x4 Wi-Fi clients available on the market yet. However, the throughput improvement on your existing Wi-Fi client can be improved with newer Wi-Fi chipsets and the NETGEAR design active antennas. 4x4 Wi-Fi will also be very useful with MU-MIMO capability.	0
What is the power of the amplifier in the r7000?	The R6100 WiFi Router has a USB 2.0 port on the back.	0
What is the power of the amplifier in the r7000?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setupâ„¢) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
What is the power of the amplifier in the r7000?	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TVs is recommended for the best viewing experience.	0
What is the power of the amplifier in the r7000?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands ( 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
What is the purpose of factory defaults button?	This button is for user to reset all of the settings back to factory defaults.	1
What is the purpose of factory defaults button?	A6210 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6210 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6210 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6210 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
What is the purpose of factory defaults button?	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	0
What is the purpose of factory defaults button?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘statistics” to get what you need.	0
What is the purpose of factory defaults button?	Your media may have copy protection mechanisms preventing playback on Intel Wireless Display.	0
What is the purpose of factory defaults button?	The power consumption is 9.49W	0
What is the push 'n' connect feature?	* Easily connect wireless device clients to router with push of a button	1
What is the push 'n' connect feature?	Yes, the XAVB5001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
What is the push 'n' connect feature?	The NeoTV Streaming Player connects to the Internet through your home network using either a wireless connection or, if you prefer, an Ethernet cable. For wireless connections, the NeoTV Streaming Player follows the Wi-Fi standard and is compatible with 802.11b, 802.11g, and 802.11n networks. The NeoTV Streaming Player also supports wireless security, including WEP, WPA, and WPA2.	0
What is the push 'n' connect feature?	1. NTV550 can associate cover art, description, and other media “metadata” with videos. Spending a few minutes to “tag” your media will result in a richer browsing experience. You can tag media using NETGEAR Tag Tool, or you can use third party software. In general, tagging media means creating a “.TAG” file that has the same name as the media, and contains the media metadata and cover art. NETGEAR TagTool can create and edit .TAG files easily. Alternatively, if you want only cover art, you can add .JPG covers to your videos by placing a JPG file in the same folder as the video, named identically to the video. If you have multiple videos in a folder and you want them to use the same cover, add a “folder.jpg” in the folder.	0
What is the push 'n' connect feature?	This means that you are too far from the client or the router/gateway.	0
What is the push 'n' connect feature?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
What is the range that can be covered by the wnda3100v2?	It actually depends on the environment and the router you are using. The WNDA3100v2 is just a receiver.	1
What is the range that can be covered by the wnda3100v2?	The NeoTV Streaming Player connects to the Internet through your home network using either a wireless connection or, if you prefer, an Ethernet cable. For wireless connections, the NeoTV Streaming Player follows the Wi-Fi standard and is compatible with 802.11b, 802.11g, and 802.11n networks. The NeoTV Streaming Player also supports wireless security, including WEP, WPA, and WPA2.	0
What is the range that can be covered by the wnda3100v2?	You can add up to eight powerline devices.	0
What is the range that can be covered by the wnda3100v2?	Yes, the XAV1004 does support Standby mode.	0
What is the range that can be covered by the wnda3100v2?	WNDR3400v3 supports the following wireless securities:	0
What is the range that can be covered by the wnda3100v2?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What is the readynas vault?	ReadyNAS Vault is a cloud backup solution pre-installed or readily available on all ReadyNAS systems as an installable application. Backup anything on your ReadyNAS to secure, offsite servers with no additional hardware to manage. ReadyNAS Vault is an added layer of protection, ideal for achieving geographic redundancy for data stored on your ReadyNAS.	1
What is the readynas vault?	* Press the Security button of one of the XAVB1101 units for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is the readynas vault?	Using these channels may cause interference with other devices approved to use these channels.	0
What is the readynas vault?	If your client has good WiFi speed, connecting the client does not help improve its link speed. Instead, it could become slower because the original wireless bandwidth is shared by two connections: client to extender and extender to router. Changing the extender to FastLane mode will improve the speed decrease.	0
What is the readynas vault?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled since this option is not available in the web interface.	0
What is the readynas vault?	The router has two USB ports. The USB 3.0 port is located on the front panel of the router. The USB 2.0 port is located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as USB printers. Use the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 compatible hard drives.	0
What is the recommended link aggregation mode and hash type?	We recommend using LACP IEEE 802.3ad Dynamic Link aggregation mode. For the hash type, we recommend using Layer 2 + 3.	1
What is the recommended link aggregation mode and hash type?	With firmware v1.0.4.30 or higher, the R7000 has been certified to support 5GHz band 2 and 5GHz band 3 channel which includes channel 52, 56, 60, 64, 100, 104, 108, and 112.	0
What is the recommended link aggregation mode and hash type?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the recommended link aggregation mode and hash type?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac, and Linux (not iPhone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
What is the recommended link aggregation mode and hash type?	RDD516 can be gracefully powered off through Web GUI page. Or by press and hold power button for 2 seconds. Be very careful, don't press and hold power button for more than 4 seconds, otherwise, power will be cut off forcefully by hardware.	0
What is the recommended link aggregation mode and hash type?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in on NETGEAR’s WNDR3300 which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port.	0
What is the recommended maximum range between units?	NETGEAR recommends a maximum of 300 feet of cable between the root node and the coax outlet.	1
What is the recommended maximum range between units?	64 entries is allowed for new routers (i.e. Nighthawks), while 20 for older routers.	0
What is the recommended maximum range between units?	In Web Security > HTTP & HTTPS > URL Filtering, block all URLs while allowing the user login link to be on the resulting page.	0
What is the recommended maximum range between units?	1. Download the zipped firmware	0
What is the recommended maximum range between units?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
What is the recommended maximum range between units?	 CPU TYPE             Intel Atom SOC   Intel Atom SOC                 Marvell ARM SOC	0
What is the resolution of the images in the dark?	The resolution of the Night Vision Camera is the same during normal light or at night.	1
What is the resolution of the images in the dark?	It is 15 Amp for GR and FR, 14 Amp for NA and 12 Amp for UK.	0
What is the resolution of the images in the dark?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
What is the resolution of the images in the dark?	The WNDAP350 will work with the existing 802.3af PoE infrastructure, so no new, non-standard equipment needs to be deployed.	0
What is the resolution of the images in the dark?	The DGND3800B does not support this function.	0
What is the resolution of the images in the dark?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the router's default ip address and logins?	Default IP address is 192.168.0.1. The default username is  ADMIN, while default password is  PASSWORD.	1
What is the router's default ip address and logins?	The XAV5201 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
What is the router's default ip address and logins?	It supports full 2.4 GHz and 5GHz configuration including 802.11n, 802.11g, and 802.11b.	0
What is the router's default ip address and logins?	First, look at the power LED on the front panel of the devices. Both units should be lit solid green or fast blinking. If the bridge side is not connected to the AP, the bridge unit will blink 3 times and repeat that pattern. Once the bridge LED shows connected to AP, you can use the “Config Assistant” tool to find all WNHDE111 devices that are connected in the network. If you bought a bundle, they should connect with each other out of box after plugging one to the router. If the two devices do not connect to each other, press the WPS button on both units (within 2 minutes of the first press), they should connect to each other in a few minutes.	0
What is the router's default ip address and logins?	It depends on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE hard drive. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
What is the router's default ip address and logins?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
What is the router's default ip address?	The default IP address is 192.168.1.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default “admin” for login and “password” for password.	1
What is the router's default ip address?	You can use these ports to connect a flash drive, or a USB external drive (hard drive), or a larger personal USB drive that is powered separately.	0
What is the router's default ip address?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
What is the router's default ip address?	Yes, WNDAP350 can support 11n data rates over WDS links with other compatible ProSAFE Wireless-N Access Points.	0
What is the router's default ip address?	RDD516 can be gracefully powered off through Web GUI page. Or by press and hold power button for 2 seconds. Be very careful, don't press and hold power button for more than 4 seconds, otherwise, power will be cut off forcefully by hardware.	0
What is the router's default ip address?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the router’s default ip address?	The default IP address is 192.168.5.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default credentials “admin” for login and “password” for password.	1
What is the router’s default ip address?	During installation via the Web genie, R6200v2 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
What is the router’s default ip address?	Yes! Go to the Music menu and start playing a song playlist. While the music is playing, you can go to the Photos menu and start playing your slideshow with the music in the background.	0
What is the router’s default ip address?	The supported operating systems are Windows 7 (32/64-bit), Windows Vista (32/64-bit), and Windows XP (32/64-bit).	0
What is the router’s default ip address?	The choice is usually determined by your local telecommunication service provider. By choosing different plans offered by your service provider, an ADSL or a VDSL line is provided to you.	0
What is the router’s default ip address?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
What is the stora's warranty?	NETGEAR believes we provide the highest quality products in the market place, and back the Stora with an industry-leading three year warranty.	1
What is the stora's warranty?	The USB port allows user to download/upload switch firmware or configuration file using USB flash device. It is also used to recover the firmware image through the utility menu during boot up. It is more effective and easier than using XMODEM serial port protocol for file transfer.	0
What is the stora's warranty?	WNDR3400v3 is a CD-less installation. Just go to [www.routerlogin.com](www.routerlogin.com) or [www.routerlogin.net](www.routerlogin.net) or [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1/) and run the setup wizard or manually configure the router for Internet connection.	0
What is the stora's warranty?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the stora's warranty?	The NETGEAR Mobile Hotspot (AC785) is preferred over tethering for 4 major reasons.	0
What is the stora's warranty?	Please reset WiFi Booster back to factory default and setup again.	0
What is the supported resolution on the browser?	WNDAP350 dual band access point can be best viewed at resolutions 1260x1024 or above.	1
What is the supported resolution on the browser?	It supports a maximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
What is the supported resolution on the browser?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	0
What is the supported resolution on the browser?	* The update process is completed when the onscreen progress bar completes. During the firmware update, the Power LED blinks amber. After the firmware update is done, the router restarts and the Power LED illuminates solid amber.	0
What is the supported resolution on the browser?	Guest wireless networks are enabled and configured in “Wireless Guest Network” page of GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
What is the supported resolution on the browser?	1. Please make sure the connected device is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4 r7500 router can support?	R7500 support maximum backup file size up to 500GB now.	1
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4 r7500 router can support?	The frequencies used by XAVB5602 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4 r7500 router can support?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4 r7500 router can support?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation and you need to stop it before installing the adapter.	0
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4 r7500 router can support?	NETGEAR will release the firmware upgrade tool on XAV101v2 product page to upgrade the devices to the latest firmware.	0
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4 r7500 router can support?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature of XS708E would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. It is not configurable and enabled by default.	0
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4s r7800 router can support?	R7800 support maximum backup file size up to 500GB now.	1
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4s r7800 router can support?	Hardware reset: Push the reset button on the back of the router for 15 seconds.	0
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4s r7800 router can support?	You can control the NTV550 from your PC or any connected device with a Web browser:	0
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4s r7800 router can support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4s r7800 router can support?	No SDK at this time.	0
What is the total backup file size that nighthawk x4s r7800 router can support?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes amber.	0
What is the tri-band wifi ?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands ( 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	1
What is the tri-band wifi ?	* [Using ReadyCLOUD app for iOS to access your ReadyNAS OS 6 remotely?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24937)	0
What is the tri-band wifi ?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
What is the tri-band wifi ?	WNDA4100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA4100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
What is the tri-band wifi ?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router. WiFi Booster does not use WPS protocol to connect to your router.	0
What is the tri-band wifi ?	The APS150W is the power module which is used on M4300-28G and M4300-52G.	0
What is the tri-band wifi?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands (1x 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	1
What is the tri-band wifi?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
What is the tri-band wifi?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
What is the tri-band wifi?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
What is the tri-band wifi?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is the tri-band wifi?	* For wireless networks, make sure that the Wireless Network Name (SSID) and security settings of the Digital Entertainer HD and media server match exactly.	0
What is the url to access wn2500rp gui to configure it?	The default URL is [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [http://www.mywifiext.com](http://www.mywifiext.com). Before you access this URL, you have to connect your PC to WN2500RP first.	1
What is the url to access wn2500rp gui to configure it?	No. Universal WiFi Range Extender is designed to work as an AP/client bridge, not an access point. The proper usage of the product is to wirelessly connect the Extender to the existing router—in this case, the Extender functions as a client. On the other end, wirelessly connect the Extender to the PC—in this case, the Extender functions as an access point.	0
What is the url to access wn2500rp gui to configure it?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default settings as indicated by flashing Power LED (see above LED behavior for details).	0
What is the url to access wn2500rp gui to configure it?	a. Often times, security solutions that flood users with false positives are quickly viewed as massively annoying. This often results in the solutions being disabled – which defeats the purpose of deploying a security solution in the first place!	0
What is the url to access wn2500rp gui to configure it?	You keep your existing wireless router or gateway as is, with no need to change your current settings. You simply plug one of the WNHDE111 to the existing router/gateway and you now have a Wireless-N 5 GHz network established. You still have your existing G network at 2.4 GHz frequency for normal data and voice while using the 5 GHz Wireless-N for faster and high bandwidth demanding applications like video streaming and online gaming.	0
What is the url to access wn2500rp gui to configure it?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid white before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid white, make sure the DSL cable is connected to the DSL RJ11 port of the D7000 modem router.	0
What is the usage of uid leds and switches?	These are parts of industry standard Unit Identification (UID) logic. User can use this feature to identify device from both front and rear to make sure that operations (e.g. change disk, configure network etc.) are done for intended unit. Press either front or rear UID switch will toggle on/off status of both front and rear UID LEDs. Software can also check and toggle UID LED status to alert which unit needs userâ€™s attention.	1
What is the usage of uid leds and switches?	Actually it is no limitation. But if the XE103 devices are more than 16 units in a single home, the throughput will be dropped.	0
What is the usage of uid leds and switches?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
What is the usage of uid leds and switches?	The D500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
What is the usage of uid leds and switches?	* [What is the ReadyCLOUD Desktop Client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29786)	0
What is the usage of uid leds and switches?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at g&b mode, WEP, WPA-PSK[TKIP], WPA2-PSK[AES], WPA-802.1x and WPA2-802.1x are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 130Mbps or Up to 270Mbps, the only wireless security supported now is WPA2-PSK[TKIP] + WPA2-PSK[AES] . For maximum performance WPA2-PSK[AES] should be used.	0
What is the usb port for on i/o blades front panel?	The USB port allows user to download/upload switch firmware or configuration file using USB flash device. It is also used to recover the firmware image through the utility menu during boot up. It is more effective and easier than using XMODEM serial port protocol for file transfer.	1
What is the usb port for on i/o blades front panel?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setupâ„¢) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
What is the usb port for on i/o blades front panel?	ReadySHARE AirMusic lets you play music wirelessly from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Android device. The music is played on audio speakers, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system. Please visit the links below for more information:	0
What is the usb port for on i/o blades front panel?	You can use a web browser and type the URL: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1/) the login name is “admin” (without the double quotes) and the password is “password” (without the double quotes).	0
What is the usb port for on i/o blades front panel?	* DOCSIS 2.0 is a single downstream channel at 38Mbps and a single upstream channel at 27Mbps	0
What is the usb port for on i/o blades front panel?	C7000 has SIP ALG enabled by default. Some of the new SIP applications may not work well with SIP ALG enabled. Please disable SIP ALG from Advanced > Setup > WAN Setup and check “disable SIP ALG”.	0
What is the warranty for the gs316?	The GS316 has a 3 year warranty. In China and India a 1 year warranty applies.	1
What is the warranty for the gs316?	 The R6100 was designed to provide the fastest Wi-Fi speed at the lowest possible price, with the latest Wi-Fi standard 802.11ac connectivity.	0
What is the warranty for the gs316?	Yes, the XAVB5101 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
What is the warranty for the gs316?	It is recommended to buy a Wireless-N Adapter for best performance and upgrade your Wireless-G based Notebooks and desktops.	0
What is the warranty for the gs316?	Yes, the powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz. The operating frequencies overlap with 27MHz wireless keyboards and mice. But the interference might happen only if the XAV2101 is close enough to the wireless range.	0
What is the warranty for the gs316?	The WNHDB3004 is the industry’s first 4x4 MIMO solution, 4 transmitters and 4 receivers. In addition, the WiFi technologies below made it possible to increase its range and provides resiliency and reliability of streaming Video over Wireless:	0
What is the warranty for the gs324?	The GS324 has a 3 year warranty. In China and India a 1 year warranty applies.	1
What is the warranty for the gs324?	NETGEAR has developed a full range of 802.11ac wireless routers and Wi-Fi 802.11ac adapters that integrate the beamforming technique as defined in the IEEE 802.11ac draft specification. This standard based implementation allows for interoperability with any other client device that supports beamforming as defined by Wi-Fi Alliance.	0
What is the warranty for the gs324?	Yes, the XAVB5101 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
What is the warranty for the gs324?	* D6200(B) supports FAT, FAT32, NTFS, ext2, and ext3 filesystem. If your USB drive filesystem is not in the support list, D6200(B) cannot recognize this. Please format your USB drive to FAT32 or NTFS.	0
What is the warranty for the gs324?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What is the warranty for the gs324?	If user use 11n wireless adapters to connect with D6300, the maximum connection speed he have is the same as maximum connection speed that 11n wireless adapters has. Because 11n wireless adapters did not have 11ac link rate.	0
What is the warranty of the m6100 chassis switch series?	The M6100 series is covered under NETGEAR Lifetime Warranty and it includes:	1
What is the warranty of the m6100 chassis switch series?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
What is the warranty of the m6100 chassis switch series?	The frequencies used by XAVB5101 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
What is the warranty of the m6100 chassis switch series?	The FastBackbone feature allows for faster convergence time when an indirect link to root fails. When a root port or blocked port receives an inferior BPDU from the designated switch on that port, the switch infers that an indirect link to the root has failed. To speed up convergence, the max age timer is immediately expired and the port is put through the Listening and Learning states.	0
What is the warranty of the m6100 chassis switch series?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router.	0
What is the warranty of the m6100 chassis switch series?	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate WiFi networks simultaneously using both 2.4- and 5-GHz frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated WiFi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
What is upoe and what is supported exactly?	UPOE (Universal Power over Ethernet) is not an IEEE standard: UPOE was brought to market by Cisco® but its physical and LLDP specifications have been used by third-parties for interoperability, for instance via UPOE LLDP TLV, an 802.3 organizationally specific TLV. To power a UPOE PD device, all four pairs are used to deliver up to 30W + 30W = 60W per RJ45 Gigabit port. More generally, UPOE can deliver any PSE wattage up to 60W per port, when PoE+ is limited to 30W PSE maximum. When a XCM8948 blade (48 x 1G RJ45) or XCM8944 blade (40 x 1G RJ45, 2 x SFP+, 2 x 10GBASE-T) is equipped with XCM89UP UPOE daughter card, it is backward compatible with standard PoE (15.4W) and PoE+ (30W). This means that any standard PoE (802.3af) or PoE+ (802.3at) PD device is powered without any specific configuration. NETGEAR M6100 chassis supports UPOE next-generation PD devices using UPOE LLDP TLV as the preferred method. M6100 chassis supports a second method for UPOE interoperability called forced 4-pair high power static method. A ‘PoE’ command must be issued in the CLI or the Web GUI to enable the forced 4-pair configuration. M6100 doesn’t support Cisco CDP power negotiation mechanisms and algorithms for inline power negotiation with UPOE PD devices.	1
What is upoe and what is supported exactly?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in on NETGEAR’s WNDR3300 which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use. In addition, customers can prioritize traffic by MAC address, LAN Port, or UDP port.	0
What is upoe and what is supported exactly?	No, the router login username cannot be changed. Only the admin password can be changed.	0
What is upoe and what is supported exactly?	The WNDA4100 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNDA4100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 450Mbps in both bands. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and has a USB cradle that users can adjust the orientation to make a best connection quality with.	0
What is upoe and what is supported exactly?	During installation via the Web genie, EX6200 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The extender will check for the latest firmware on web site every time when you login the GUI.	0
What is upoe and what is supported exactly?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. GSS116E supports the Auto DoS but GSS108E doesn’t.	0
What is vdsl? how is vdsl different from adsl?	VDSL is Very high bit-rate DSL and is compliant with ITU G.993.1 (VDSL) and G.993.2 (VDSL2). The maximum Downstream/Upstream speed for VDSL2 is 100Mbps/100Mbps. ADSL is Asymmetric DSL which is compliant with G.992.x and has a slower and asymmetric maximum Downstream/Upstream speed of 24Mbps/1Mbps.	1
What is vdsl? how is vdsl different from adsl?	M6100-3S distributed fabric speed is 480 Gbps inter-module. Each slot provides 8 x 10G unidirectional access to the backplane (80G half-duplex and 160G full-duplex per slot).	0
What is vdsl? how is vdsl different from adsl?	The ADSL throughput is comparable. The WiFi throughput is comparable, and the number of WiFi devices that can be connected is comparable. The difference is in the number Ethernet ports that are available. Furthermore, the D500 does not have USB port, as does DGN2200.	0
What is vdsl? how is vdsl different from adsl?	1. Press the reset button on the bottom until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5 to 10 seconds.	0
What is vdsl? how is vdsl different from adsl?	It means the devices failed to start properly or poor WiFi link quality.	0
What is vdsl? how is vdsl different from adsl?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101v2, XAV2001 and XAV1004. It is not compatible with XET1001, XE104, XE102 or HDX101.	0
What is voice over internet protocol (voip)?	A VoIP uses cable television wires instead of traditional telephone lines to provide voice and fax service.	1
What is voice over internet protocol (voip)?	There is a LED switch at the back panel, make sure it is pushed in.	0
What is voice over internet protocol (voip)?	Please double check the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct.	0
What is voice over internet protocol (voip)?	Before you start your DSL installation:	0
What is voice over internet protocol (voip)?	During installation the firmware will automatically check for newer versions and download if found. After download, new firmware will need to be installed manually.	0
What is voice over internet protocol (voip)?	This button is for user to reset all of the settings back to factory defaults.	0
What is wifi settings when the device first powered up?	The factory default settings for WiFi are SSID = Wireless, Security = WEP (128 bits), and WEP key is 11111111111111111111111111.	1
What is wifi settings when the device first powered up?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is wifi settings when the device first powered up?	With regards to Apple's Time Machine backup function,  NIGHTHAWK X4 R7500 ROUTER only supports NTFS, EXT4, EXT3, EXT2, HFS+ in Journal, HFS+ in non-journal file system. R7500 does not support FAT16, FAT32 file format for Apple Time machine backup at the moment.	0
What is wifi settings when the device first powered up?	You can access the GUI by accessing http://192.168.100.1 from a web browser. Please make sure the PC has an IP address in the range of 192.168.100.x. The login name is “admin” and password is “password”.	0
What is wifi settings when the device first powered up?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
What is wifi settings when the device first powered up?	NETGEAR Windows Genie 2.4.16 or later	0
What is wndr3400v3?	WNDR3400v3 is NETGEAR's N600 wireless dual band router. It is smaller in size compared to the previous versions of the WNDR3400 router.	1
What is wndr3400v3?	The table below describes the Power/Test LED (the first LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	0
What is wndr3400v3?	Yes, the C3000 and C37000 cable modem routers with the latest FW support OpenDNS Live Parental Controls. However, some ISPs are still using old firmware versions that do not support OpenDNS Live Parental Controls. If your C3000/C37000 modem router has FW older than V2.02.08 you can still use Parental Controls through the Content Filtering>Block Sites Feature.	0
What is wndr3400v3?	2dBi.	0
What is wndr3400v3?	1. Please make sure the connected device is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
What is wndr3400v3?	In User Management > Authentications, enter the correct LDAP or RADIUS settings.	0
What is wnr1500 antenna gain?	2dBi.	1
What is wnr1500 antenna gain?	Yes. Even if your laptop has sound muted, the sound for the media you are playing will play on your TV.	0
What is wnr1500 antenna gain?	This button is for user to reset all of the settings back to factory defaults.	0
What is wnr1500 antenna gain?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid white before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid white, make sure the DSL cable is connected to the DSL RJ11 port of the D7000 modem router.	0
What is wnr1500 antenna gain?	No, you do not have to register your router for it to work. You do need to register your router in order to receive technical support, however.	0
What is wnr1500 antenna gain?	The WNA3100 is a Wi-Fi 11n 2.0 certified product, and it’s following the new WiFi regulations. On the new regulations, you can only achieve up to 54 Mbps when WPA (TKIP) security mode is set. Please set the security mode to WPA2 or WPA/WPA2 mixed mode in your wireless router and WNA3100 to gain 802.11n mode connection.	0
What is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	1
What is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	0
What is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	WNDAP350 dual band access point can be best viewed at resolutions 1260x1024 or above.	0
What is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	Yes, the XAVB5101 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
What is wps (wi-fi protected setup)?	Power over Ethernet (PoE) is an IEEE 802.3af standard technology that resides on the RJ-45 port. This enables an Ethernet cable to power the access point via a switch which also has IEEE 802.3af PoE support. This option means fewer cables and eliminates the need to place the WNDAP350 near a power outlet.	0
What is wps?	WPS is short for a Wi-Fi Protected Setup, which allows you to quickly ans securely connect to a wireless network. Without WPS, you must manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and wireless device to secure your wireless network. With WPS, the router automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	1
What is wps?	This is a known issue on the CM600. To fix the issue simply click on the help center arrow to open and close the help center. You will then be able to scroll. This will be fixed in a subsequent release.	0
What is wps?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is wps?	* [ReadyCLOUD to MyNETGEAR Single Sign-On FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/30671)	0
What is wps?	a. “Malware”, short for malicious software, is an umbrella term that refers to any software program deliberately created to perform an unauthorized and often harmful action. It is a simple combination of two words created to allow people to talk about viruses and all other forms of malicious software in a general manner.	0
What is wps?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is xau2511 usb feature?	"XAU2511 have one USB port and it can support ""ReadySHARE AirMusic"", ""ReadySHARE Music"", ""ReadySHARE Printer"" and ""ReadySHARE Storage"" feature."	1
What is xau2511 usb feature?	The Power LED should be blinking (amber) during firmware upgrade. After firmware upgrade is done and boots up the system, it changes to steady amber color, and then change to solid white when finish the system boot up.Please DO NOT power off or reboot the device during firmware upgrade, otherwise, it may result to a corrupt firmware and cause the device not to work.	0
What is xau2511 usb feature?	The  PL1000 connects to your router and then plugs directly into the wall to inject the internet connection into the powerline.	0
What is xau2511 usb feature?	One possibility is that you didn’t set your AP/Router to “Up to 300Mbps” or “20/40MHz” or “Auto” mode. The max link rate of WNA1100 is 150Mbps at 40MHz mode because of this is 1 x 1 solution.	0
What is xau2511 usb feature?	"Please delete the WN111v2?.exe process in task manager and click ""Ignore"" to continue the installation."	0
What is xau2511 usb feature?	The Stora internal web player uses the Adobe Flash framework, which supports the following file extensions: .MOV, .FLV, .MPG (H.264). Files with these extensions will play directly from the web interface.	0
What is xav5004 power saving mode?	The XAV5004 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected.	1
What is xav5004 power saving mode?	No. The EX6100 set as an access point should be connected to a router. It is still the router's part to be the DHCP server.	0
What is xav5004 power saving mode?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What is xav5004 power saving mode?	When browsing a song, the UI shows a different length compared to what is shown on the Now Playing screen. This is due to the audio browser showing the song length that was read from the audio file's ID3 tag data. The Now Playing screen actually calculates the duration of the song.	0
What is xav5004 power saving mode?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
What is xav5004 power saving mode?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
What is xavb1004?	XAVB1004 is a bundle that includes one XAV1004 unit and one XAV101 unit.	1
What is xavb1004?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter (rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
What is xavb1004?	Yes, you can still access the Internet if the hotspot’s LCD screen is not lit.The LCD screen goes to sleep if there is no activity on the screen, but the WiFi radio is still active. To wake up the LCD, press and quickly release the Powerbutton.	0
What is xavb1004?	No, the C6300 does not currently support this feature.	0
What is xavb1004?	Yes, the Stora is hot swappable. However, we strongly recommend that users turn off the unit before removing or installing a hard drive to prevent data corruption or damage to the working drive. A Cold Plug is the opposite which you need to turn off the Stora before removing or installing a hard drive.	0
What is xavb1004?	Yes, WNDAP350 can support 11n data rates over WDS links with other compatible ProSAFE Wireless-N Access Points.	0
What is xavn2001 power saving mode?	The XAVN2001 and the NETGEAR Powerline device go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The devices resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	1
What is xavn2001 power saving mode?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
What is xavn2001 power saving mode?	* Go to BASIC>FastLane page	0
What is xavn2001 power saving mode?	RN3138 replaces the RN3130. RN3138 includes a faster CPU and double the RAM of the RN3130.	0
What is xavn2001 power saving mode?	Click switch offers the innovative 1-2-3-4 mounting system which gives you the flexibility to place the Click Switch in locations where other switches will not go. Whether it's directly on a wall, strapped to a pole, under the meeting table in a conference room or in a server closet, vertical or horizontal,the Click Switch's unique mounting system allow you to control exactly how your ports and cables are deployed.	0
What is xavn2001 power saving mode?	* Press the Security button of one of the XAVB2101 units for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is xs708e?	"This is a brand new 10 Gigabit Ethernet ""ProSAFE Plus Switch"". It supports eight 100/1000/10000 Mbps RJ45 ports with one combo port supporting 10 Gigabit SFP+ fiber."	1
What is xs708e?	Since these files are protected, they can only be played if served from a PC using Windows Media Connect or the Intel Viiv Media Server. Other third-party media servers will not work.	0
What is xs708e?	The EVA8000 can play directly through SMB/CIFS – so no PC needed.	0
What is xs708e?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is xs708e?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is xs708e?	No, your D6300 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
What is xs708ev2?	This is a ProSAFE 8-port 10-Gigabit Ethernet Web Managed Switch. It supports eight 100/1000/10000 Mbps RJ45 ports with one combo port supporting 10 Gigabit SFP+ fiber.	1
What is xs708ev2?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the device wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
What is xs708ev2?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What is xs708ev2?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless device, the interference is less than 2.4GHz.	0
What is xs708ev2?	Yes, the EVA9000 can access NAS devices directly. ( NOTE: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA9000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
What is xs708ev2?	The DGND3700v2 does not come with an install CD, it supports simple browser based install using NETGEAR genie application that will help configure the router.	0
What is xwn5001 power saving mode?	The XWN5001 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The device will resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	1
What is xwn5001 power saving mode?	The AirCard Smart Cradle is compatible with AirCard 790S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced II), AirCard 785S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra Pre-Paid 4G My Pocket Wi-Fi Ultimate), AirCard 782S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced), and any Future NETGEAR AirCard Mobile Hotspots.	0
What is xwn5001 power saving mode?	NETGEAR home routers support PPPoA and PPPoE encapsulation. IPoA (IP over ATM) is not supported.	0
What is xwn5001 power saving mode?	Powerline products need to be used in 'pairs' – at least two in a home. So NETGEAR sells them in pairs, like the XAVB2101 which is a bundle of two XAV2101. However, customers do have the option to add a 3rd or 4th etc device to their network. So for that reason, we sell the single units – XAV2101	0
What is xwn5001 power saving mode?	EX6000 is unlike EX6120 (or the other extenders), and it support hardware AP/Extender mode switching button. By pressing the WPS/Mode button longer than 5 seconds, EX6000 can switch between AP (Access Point) and Extender mode. Please refer to Quick Start Guide for the switching function and LED indication.	0
What is xwn5001 power saving mode?	* For each XAVB5101 devices, press its Security button for >0.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What is xwn5021 power saving mode?	XWN5021 and the NETGEAR Powerline device will go into power saving mode when there is no Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The device will resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	1
What is xwn5021 power saving mode?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What is xwn5021 power saving mode?	Use Intel Wireless Display to check the wireless connection and reconnect to the Push2TV adapter if necessary. If the situation continues, try moving your laptop closer to the Push2TV adapter or place it in a location with a clear line of sight to the Push2TV adapter. Changing the channel of your WiFi router might also help. For more information, launch Intel Wireless Display and select  HELP.	0
What is xwn5021 power saving mode?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PLP1200 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What is xwn5021 power saving mode?	The factory default settings for WiFi are SSID = Wireless, Security = WEP (128 bits), and WEP key is 11111111111111111111111111.	0
What is xwn5021 power saving mode?	The activation code is on a label under the battery on the back of the hotspot and on the retail packaging.	0
What kind of broadband internet connection do i need?	You will need at least a 1.2 Mbps connection to watch movies instantly on the NeoTV Streaming Player. The faster your connection, the better the quality. For high quality video and audio, a connection of least 2.5 Mbps is required, and for HD 1080p movies 4.5 Mbps is recommended. You can test your bandwidth at one of the sites listed below. Note: It also depends on the Internet connection quality, sometime higher bandwidth is required to accommodate the network packet lost.	1
What kind of broadband internet connection do i need?	The XAV5001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
What kind of broadband internet connection do i need?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac and a few other container / tag formats.	0
What kind of broadband internet connection do i need?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What kind of broadband internet connection do i need?	Every appliance on your electrical line generates noise, or interference, for Powerline transmission. While distance as some effect on line noise, the number of appliances and age of electrical wiring will have greater impact. The longer the distance and the greater the line noise, the less square footage you will be able to cover with the Powerline.	0
What kind of broadband internet connection do i need?	Primarily the cradle changes the direction that the antenna radiates its energy. The mobile hotspot by itself, necessarily, has to radiate its antenna energy in all directions at once. When the device is mobile, it’s impossible to know how it will be positioned relative to the nearest base station (lying flat, in a pocket horizontally, in a bag vertically, etc.). The cradle, however, only radiates energy horizontally, and looks for signal relatively close to the ground, not up in the air or straight down. It can do this because once the cradle is set up and the mobile hotspot is docked, the device no longer changes its position relative to the base station, it’s always upright in the cradle, on the same horizontal plane.	0
What kind of hard drive can i add?	Any SATA hard drive should work. If you have one available, please test and let us know the model number (shown on screen in the Hard drive info screen).	1
What kind of hard drive can i add?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
What kind of hard drive can i add?	* Check the LED on the front panel of the Digital Entertainer HD to make sure the power is on. Make sure the television is turned on. If the LED on the front panel is not on push “power” on the remote and / or make sure the unit is plugged in.	0
What kind of hard drive can i add?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS feature of JGS524E would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP.	0
What kind of hard drive can i add?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What kind of hard drive can i add?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
What kind of usb devices can i connect to the usb port?	The USB port on the cradle can only be used to connect USB storage devices like flash drives or hard drives, or a printer. The cradle works with most USB-compliant external flash and hard drives.	1
What kind of usb devices can i connect to the usb port?	No. XAV101 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV101 is only compatible with HomePlug AV but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
What kind of usb devices can i connect to the usb port?	M6100 Chassis Switch supports third-party DAC passive and active cables, as long as they are SFP+ MSA compliant.	0
What kind of usb devices can i connect to the usb port?	NETGEAR has not finalized on how much the service fee would be. It there will ever be a fee, it would be about $4.99.	0
What kind of usb devices can i connect to the usb port?	You can use the following to log in:	0
What kind of usb devices can i connect to the usb port?	* [How to diagnose backup job failures on a ReadyNAS OS 6 system](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29829)	0
What legacy wireless devices will the wndap350 support?	The WNDAP350 will support 802.11b, 802.11g and 802.11a wireless clients.	1
What legacy wireless devices will the wndap350 support?	No, DM200 is purely a VDSL/ADSL modem and it does not have WiFi/wireless capabilities.	0
What legacy wireless devices will the wndap350 support?	Yes, the R6400 needs to rescan all of the music files when HDD is plugged back in.	0
What legacy wireless devices will the wndap350 support?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
What legacy wireless devices will the wndap350 support?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
What legacy wireless devices will the wndap350 support?	Every appliance on your electrical line generates noise, or interference, for Powerline transmission. While distance as some effect on line noise, the number of appliances and age of electrical wiring will have greater impact. The longer the distance and the greater the line noise, the less square footage you will be able to cover with the Powerline.	0
What memory type is supported by rn3138?	DDR3 non-buffered ECC DIMM, see compatible memory type here	1
What memory type is supported by rn3138?	Yes, the EVA8000 can play ISO or IFO structured files. While DVD style “menus” won’t play all the content can be accessed, and each IFO or ISO will only be shown once in the media list. Also, the EVA8000 can only playback ISO/IFO/VOBs which are not CSS protected.	0
What memory type is supported by rn3138?	In the event you need to change you Smart Cradle’s WIFI network name (SSID) or network key (password), you can do this through your web browser. Simply launch a web browser from a computer or wireless device that is connected to the Smart Cradle.	0
What memory type is supported by rn3138?	[How do I improve write speeds of USB External Drive attached to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21446)	0
What memory type is supported by rn3138?	The wireless device’s MAC Address will be translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the WN2500RP. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not able to get IP address from WN2500RP. You have to add the translated MAC address into the router to allow this wireless device to access Internet.	0
What memory type is supported by rn3138?	When there is a new firmware, the NeoTV Streaming Player prompts the user that there is a newer firmware available when the unit powers up, or wakes up from standby. Please follow the on screen instruction to press the yellow remote control button, and then press OK to perform firmware upgrade.	0
What mobile hotspot’s are compatible with the aircard smart cradle?	The AirCard Smart Cradle is compatible with AirCard 790S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced II), AirCard 785S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra Pre-Paid 4G My Pocket Wi-Fi Ultimate), AirCard 782S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced), and any Future NETGEAR AirCard Mobile Hotspots.	1
What mobile hotspot’s are compatible with the aircard smart cradle?	Yes, the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. Please find more details at [http://www.netgear.com/netgear-genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/netgear-genie.aspx).	0
What mobile hotspot’s are compatible with the aircard smart cradle?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
What mobile hotspot’s are compatible with the aircard smart cradle?	No. In this configuration, the throughout is limited by the 11n adapter. That's because the 11n wireless adapter cannot create an 11ac connection with the R6100 WiFi Router.	0
What mobile hotspot’s are compatible with the aircard smart cradle?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 65Mbps or 150Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
What mobile hotspot’s are compatible with the aircard smart cradle?	The choice is usually determined by your local telecommunication service provider. By choosing different plans offered by your service provider, an ADSL or a VDSL line is provided to you.	0
What modes do pr2000 supports?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router, which supports: router, access point, wireless hotspot, and extender modes.	1
What modes do pr2000 supports?	Yes, the XAV5001 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
What modes do pr2000 supports?	Because data traffic routed through the Extender network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing	0
What modes do pr2000 supports?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What modes do pr2000 supports?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What modes do pr2000 supports?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 10 seconds. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
What network security is used in netgear powerline devices? is the data encrypted when transmitting over the powerline network?	"In previous NETGEAR Powerline devices: XE102, XE102G, XET1001, they only support 56-bit DES encryption to secure the data. The current NETGEAR HomePlug AV devices* support a stronger security: 128-bit AES encryption to protect the data content transmitted over the Powerline network. In the same Powerline network the same security key is used to encrypt the data transmitted over the Powerline network. By default, NETGEAR sets the ""HomePlugAV"" as the security key out of the factory. NETGEAR recommends you to change the security key by pushing the security button or configuring the security key using the Powerline utility to build your own private and secured Powerline network."	1
What network security is used in netgear powerline devices? is the data encrypted when transmitting over the powerline network?	* Manually power off or configure to use a smaller Wi-Fi range within the advanced settings.	0
What network security is used in netgear powerline devices? is the data encrypted when transmitting over the powerline network?	It depends on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE hard drive. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
What network security is used in netgear powerline devices? is the data encrypted when transmitting over the powerline network?	No. You cannot use or enable the VPN service once Wireless AP Mode is selected.	0
What network security is used in netgear powerline devices? is the data encrypted when transmitting over the powerline network?	Two methods can reset the device to factory default. The first method is HW method :	0
What network security is used in netgear powerline devices? is the data encrypted when transmitting over the powerline network?	C7000 USB2.0 supports USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 storage and printer devices.	0
What network speeds do you need to play internet content?	NETGEAR recommends at least 1.2Mbps. You might also need a router if you cannot connect the player directly to your cable or DSL modem.	1
What network speeds do you need to play internet content?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
What network speeds do you need to play internet content?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What network speeds do you need to play internet content?	"XAU2511 have one USB port and it can support ""ReadySHARE AirMusic"", ""ReadySHARE Music"", ""ReadySHARE Printer"" and ""ReadySHARE Storage"" feature."	0
What network speeds do you need to play internet content?	To ensure the maximum performance at 5GHz between WNDA3100 and Linksys WRT600N, configure your Linksys router to use a higher channel number on the wide channel when operating in 40MHz channel. Set the wide channel to “46” and the standard channel to “44 – 5.220GHz” to see the maximum 5GHz performance between WNDA3100 and WRT600N.	0
What network speeds do you need to play internet content?	* For each PLP1200 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What online content does the eva8000 currently supported?	Current online sources are internet radio, YouTube and Flickr.	1
What online content does the eva8000 currently supported?	a. Yes, you can add scanning exclusions. You can add rule by Client, Destination and port combination under Global Settings/Scanning Exclusions	0
What online content does the eva8000 currently supported?	Files and folders stored on your Stora are private by default. However, you can share content on the Stora with friends and family in several ways:	0
What online content does the eva8000 currently supported?	The initial graphics driver that shipped with the vendor laptops(version 8.15.10.1995) has a known issue where the video will flicker. This has been fixed by the graphics team in the later builds. Please download latest graphics driver update from the laptop vendors web site.	0
What online content does the eva8000 currently supported?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare)	0
What online content does the eva8000 currently supported?	Port-based QOS, a unique feature of the XAV1004 and XAVB1004, allows a user to prioritize specific applications by simply plugging a device into a color-coded port on the back of the product. This way, a user can ensure that his gaming console or HD movies always receive unconstrained bandwidth, even when other devices are attempting to transmit data over the shared powerline networking.	0
What online content does the eva9000 currently supported?	Current online sources are Internet radio, YouTube and Flickr and RSS based Audio and Video podcasts.	1
What online content does the eva9000 currently supported?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
What online content does the eva9000 currently supported?	"This is a brand new 10 Gigabit Ethernet ""ProSAFE Plus Switch"". It supports eight 100/1000/10000 Mbps RJ45 ports with one combo port supporting 10 Gigabit SFP+ fiber."	0
What online content does the eva9000 currently supported?	One unique way ReadyNAS can help businesses is by providing constant access to your secure data from anywhere. Everyone is familiar with cloud solutions hosted on the internet. Consumers use free services from Google, Microsoft, Apple for email, backup, calendaring, etc. But for businesses those solutions can be very expensive. There are also concerns over security and privacy. With ReadyNAS all the data is hosted on your device, but you can access your data through mobile applications or the ReadyCLOUD portal. Each solution will create a secure VPN-like tunnel directly to your ReadyNAS. Now you can access your data with the ease of the cloud without any of the concerns of using a 3rd party to host your data.	0
What online content does the eva9000 currently supported?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router. The EX2700 does not use the WPS protocol to connect to your router. If your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it, please follow the FAQ 7 to complete the installation.	0
What online content does the eva9000 currently supported?	* Make sure the client is connected directly connected to WN3100RP, not through the router.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install for my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works correctly?	XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard) , then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	1
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install for my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works correctly?	The XAV5201 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install for my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works correctly?	* For each XAV5201 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install for my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works correctly?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install for my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works correctly?	When this happens, it is very likely that the WiFi Booster is placed at the borderline of the range covered by the existing router. Please follow the instructions in Question 4 to resolve this.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install for my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works correctly?	None of the home routers support SNMP.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install in my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without an error?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	1
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install in my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without an error?	1. Please make sure the connected device is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install in my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without an error?	See the following YouTube videos for range extender setup and installation:	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install in my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without an error?	View Arlo Q cameras in HD with a crystal clear resolution of 1080p.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install in my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without an error?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install in my xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without an error?	Yes, the C6300 does support IPv6.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error.	Please make sure you have install service pack 2 or higher on your computer. XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Config is in used to configure your wireless adapter (rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard) , then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	1
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error.	Yes, R6220 supports VLAN/IPTV with firmware version 1.1.0.34 or newer.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error.	The frequencies used by PL1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error.	No. The GTV100 does not support HDCP.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error.	NETGEAR home routers can block services and domain names but not the actual port.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error.	Yes, please download it from the NETGEAR SUPPORT web site.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error?	Please make sure you have install service pack 2 or higher on your computer. XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Config is in used to configure your wireless adapter rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard, then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	1
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error?	"You can use a web browser and type the URL: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) the login name is ""admin"" (without the double quotes) and the password is ""password"" (without the double quotes)."	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error?	This is a current limitation and we'll release future firmware to make it work. On the other	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error?	1. Log in the administration web interface.	0
What operating system patch or service pack do i need to install on my windows xp machine to ensure my wireless function works without error?	RDD516 can be gracefully powered off through Web GUI page. Or by press and hold power button for 2 seconds. Be very careful, don't press and hold power button for more than 4 seconds, otherwise, power will be cut off forcefully by hardware.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7000?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	1
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7000?	TCP connections is also limited by the PC. In reality, it does not matter how many concurrent sessions the router can support. If the PC cannot support enough sessions, regardless of how many sessions the router can support, that number can never be reached. The limitation on the PC is always a lot less that what the router can support.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7000?	NETGEAR does not have a timeframe when a firmware will be pushed down to customer's units. NETGEAR provide the firmware to the ISP which will go through their approval process. Once the firmware is approved, the ISP will push down the firmware to the N450 on their schedule. Customers should always have the latest approved firmware available from their ISP.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7000?	The fastest performance is with 150 Mbps, however this uses the 40 MHz frequency and may interfere with other wireless devices in the 2.4 GHz band such as other 802.11 equipment. To avoid this, you can set the router to work in the same 20 MHz bandwidth as 801.11b/g equipment, which reduces its maximum performance to 65 Mbps.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7000?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB6504 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7000?	XCM8948 blade (48 x 1G RJ45) and XCM8944 blade (40 x 1G RJ45, 2 x SFP+, 2 x 10GBASE-T) can be equipped with a PoE daughter card for turning on PoE, PoE+ and/or UPOE on every Gigabit RJ45 ports on the blade. It means than any blade XCM8948 or XCM8944 can be upgraded with PoE at any point of time, and possibly downgraded if the application has changed. This is much more flexible than built-in PoE line-cards for instance, and it provides great investment protection in case of UPOE upgrade: only the daughter card would be upgraded, not the blade – hence lowering the cost and removing the need for re-configuration. There are two different PoE daughter cards: XCM89P for PoE+ and XCM89UP for UPOE. One daughter card per I/O blade is required.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7300?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac, and Linux (not iPhone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	1
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7300?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7300?	Yes, it is.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7300?	The two white stand pieces snap into the base and mate with some of the holes on the upper and lower sides near the edge.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7300?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21505)	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7300?	Yes.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7900?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (and not iPhone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPsec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	1
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7900?	"No, ReadyNAS Vault is not a high availability solution. It is meant as a ""disaster recovery solution."" With ReadyNAS Vault, any individual file or set of files can be downloaded on ad hoc basis, as long as your data set is recent enough, you can access files without having to wait for a full local system recovery."	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7900?	It's an upgrade from unmanaged switch which can only be Plug-N-Play, and is not configurable. ProSAFE Plus switch gives user the flexibility to configure certain static layer 2 settings for more visibility, better reliability and improved network performance.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7900?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7900?	ReadyNAS Vault will first require you to register for an account here: [http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs](http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs)/. (Free trials are available.) Once registered, you can enable the ReadyNAS Vault and log into the application. More details can be found here: [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started)	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r7900?	No, the R7300 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r8000?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows,Mac and Linux (and not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	1
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r8000?	Solid Green                        Powered on and ready for use	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r8000?	During installation via the browser based genie, the Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time when you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alert when new firmware is available.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r8000?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r8000?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
What other vpn clients will work with the vpn service of the r8000?	In an effort to bring more connectivity and simplicity to NETGEAR customers, NETGEAR is combining your ReadyCLOUD account with a single sign-on (SSO) account at MyNETGEAR.com. This means that you can use your MyNETGEAR.com account to connect to your ReadyCLOUD-enabled devices.	0
What other vpn clients work with the r6400 vpn service?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (and not iPhone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPsec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	1
What other vpn clients work with the r6400 vpn service?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What other vpn clients work with the r6400 vpn service?	These are parts of industry standard Unit Identification (UID) logic. User can use this feature to identify device from both front and rear to make sure that operations (e.g. change disk, configure network etc.) are done for intended unit. Press either front or rear UID switch will toggle on/off status of both front and rear UID LEDs. Software can also check and toggle UID LED status to alert which unit needs userâ€™s attention.	0
What other vpn clients work with the r6400 vpn service?	No, it does not have one. The R8000 has a netting or mesh covering. This helps the router to stay cool and for the heat to dissipate properly.	0
What other vpn clients work with the r6400 vpn service?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
What other vpn clients work with the r6400 vpn service?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product. For more information, see [How to update firmware on your NETGEAR product](https://kb.netgear.com/000053880/How-to-update-firmware-on-your-NETGEAR-product).	0
What outlets can i plug powerline into?	In North America, NETGEAR Powerline products work with 110 volt 2-prong or 3-prong electrical outlets. Outside of North America, there are country specific plugs for the Powerline products sold in those regions.	1
What outlets can i plug powerline into?	[How do I improve write speeds of USB External Drive attached to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21446)	0
What outlets can i plug powerline into?	No. Arlo Q cameras are powered cameras. You need to plug the camera into an electrical outlet and connect it to your Wi-Fi router.	0
What outlets can i plug powerline into?	* None of the LED's light up: If the Power light is off, make sure power is supplied to the electrical outlet, and the PowerLine device is not plugged into an extension cord, power strip, or surge protector.	0
What outlets can i plug powerline into?	NETGEAR Windows Genie 2.4.16 or later	0
What outlets can i plug powerline into?	Power over Ethernet (PoE) is an IEEE 802.3af standard technology that resides on the RJ-45 port. This enables an Ethernet cable to power the access point via a switch which also has IEEE 802.3af PoE support. This option means fewer cables and eliminates the need to place the WNDAP350 near a power outlet.	0
What scaling capabilities does the eva8000 have?	Any video is scaled to the default for your display (whatever you set it to). The aspect ratio is changeable on the fly (hit zoom key), and you can zoom in/out on the video itself with Pg+/- and pan using the arrow keys.	1
What scaling capabilities does the eva8000 have?	Wireless Repeating function allows you to make a completely wireless infrastructure. Normally, the access points must be connected with a wire (LAN). These access points create cells allowing a wireless connection. This feature allows the access points to be wirelessly connected. When the structure is too large and is hard to cover using one AP, a second AP would be used as a wireless repeater.	0
What scaling capabilities does the eva8000 have?	Yes, many new notebooks are coming with Wireless-N integrated. All these Wireless-N notebooks will connect at higher speeds and offer better range than when connected to your old Wireless-G Router. Look for “a/b/g/n” or “Next-Generation Wireless-N” on your notebook specifications to see if it is a Wireless-N notebook.	0
What scaling capabilities does the eva8000 have?	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC .	0
What scaling capabilities does the eva8000 have?	If the No Signal icon displays on either the LCD or the hotspot web page, the hotspot is in a zero coverage area and is not connected to the mobile broadband network. Make sure that you are in Sprint LTE coverage.	0
What scaling capabilities does the eva8000 have?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What scaling capabilities does the eva9000 have?	Any video is scaled to the default for your display (whatever you set it to). The aspect ratio is changeable on the fly (hit zoom key), and you can zoom in/out on the video itself with Pg+/- and pan using the arrow keys.	1
What scaling capabilities does the eva9000 have?	This is due to a recent update done on Microsoft Internet Explorer Windows 8.1 IE 11 ( path 11.0.10 , KB2962872 - 2014/7/8). We are working on a fix and the official firmware update will be released next week..	0
What scaling capabilities does the eva9000 have?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What scaling capabilities does the eva9000 have?	The router boosts Wi-Fi speeds on 2.4GHz with support for 256 QAM. 256 QAM is a specific mode supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more Wi-Fi clients with the 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure when you connect to the 2.4GHz band with 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
What scaling capabilities does the eva9000 have?	The WNDA3100 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11n draft 2.0 specification. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a and 802.11n wireless routers/access points. WNDA3100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 300Mbps. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop.	0
What scaling capabilities does the eva9000 have?	Yes, but there are some limitations. A Windows PC is required for the following functions: Watching or recording Live TV using a PC TV Tuner card; Watching YouTube Videos; Listening or Watching to DRM (Digital Rights Management) protected content.	0
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708e sfp+ port?	We recommend the following NETGEAR SFP modules: AGM731F, AGM732F, AGM734, AXM761, AXM762, and AXM763.	1
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708e sfp+ port?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX6200 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	0
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708e sfp+ port?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708e sfp+ port?	You can use a web browser and type the URL : [http://192.168.100.1](http://192.168.100.1) The login name is “admin” (without the double quotes) and the password is “password” (without the double quotes).	0
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708e sfp+ port?	Many audio receivers do not support digital audio below 96Kbps, so the workaround is for the user to connect the analog audio outputs of the EVA8000 to the analog inputs of their receiver. Switch the audio receiver to this input when listening to low bitrate audio.	0
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708e sfp+ port?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708ev2 sfp+ port?	We recommend the following Netgear SFP modules:	1
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708ev2 sfp+ port?	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708ev2 sfp+ port?	It supports 4 type QoS service. It includes applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. User can base on his behavior to setup internet traffic priority to get best efficiency.	0
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708ev2 sfp+ port?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708ev2 sfp+ port?	If you are connected to a client and to the Router/Gateway, and the Arrow LEDs are not blinking, it means you have correctly positioned the Extender.	0
What sfp module do you recommend to use for xs708ev2 sfp+ port?	a. There are many deployment options for the STM appliance and we’re sure that one of the deployment options will work best for you. Please see HERE for more deployment options.	0
What should i do if i get a windows firewall security alert?	From Windows select Start > Search and type in the search field Allow a program through a Windows Firewall. Add WiDiApp and Wireless PAN DHCP Server to the list of allowed programs. Make sure both private and public check boxes are selected. If you are not using Windows Firewall, consult your firewall user's manual.	1
What should i do if i get a windows firewall security alert?	* [What is the ReadyCLOUD Desktop Client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29786)	0
What should i do if i get a windows firewall security alert?	To continue to access your ReadyCLOUD account, you must create a MyNETGEAR.com account and link it to your ReadyCLOUD account. For step-by-step instructions, see the following KB articles:	0
What should i do if i get a windows firewall security alert?	No. This model does not have a Gigabit WAN port.	0
What should i do if i get a windows firewall security alert?	Please use any NETGEAR 11ac WIFI router like R6300 or R6200 on the other end and install it in bridge mode to setup an 11ac WIFI connection. Please follow the instructions to setup R6300/R6200 in bridge mode:	0
What should i do if i get a windows firewall security alert?	Yes, WNDAP350 can support 11n data rates over WDS links with other compatible ProSAFE Wireless-N Access Points.	0
What should i do if i have a corrupted wifi driver?	1. Try uninstalling the Intel WiFi driver, then reinstalling the latest Intel WiFi driver.	1
What should i do if i have a corrupted wifi driver?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 15 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
What should i do if i have a corrupted wifi driver?	No, the option to the change the username of the router is not available. However, you can change the password to access the router's interface.	0
What should i do if i have a corrupted wifi driver?	The power consumption of XAV101 is 4 Watts.	0
What should i do if i have a corrupted wifi driver?	"Netflix channel can only be used and accessed using the D-PAD mode (Up/Down/Left/Right/OK). You will not be able to use the Touch Pad (mouse/mouse click) mode to control and navigate the Netflix channel. When using the Touch Pad mode, you will no longer be able to see the mouse pointer but instead you will see a ""stop"" icon (circle with a line). When using Netflix, please turn of the Touch Pad by pressing any one of the Up/Down/Left/Right button."	0
What should i do if i have a corrupted wifi driver?	No, while receiving SMS messages is supported, this device does not support sending SMS messages.	0
What should i do if i have flickering video during playback?	The initial graphics driver that shipped with the vendor laptops(version 8.15.10.1995) has a known issue where the video will flicker. This has been fixed by the graphics team in the later builds. Please download latest graphics driver update from the laptop vendors web site.	1
What should i do if i have flickering video during playback?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem products, your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the image to your unit after the cable provider certifies an image release.	0
What should i do if i have flickering video during playback?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
What should i do if i have flickering video during playback?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What should i do if i have flickering video during playback?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
What should i do if i have flickering video during playback?	No, NETGEAR D6400, Nighthawk (D7000), Nighthawk X4S (D7800) VDSL products do not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
What should i do if i upgrade my readycloud account to a mynetgear account but i do not see my readynas systems in readycloud?	If your ReadyNAS systems are not listed in the ReadyCLOUD portal after you complete the upgrade of your account, double check the local Admin page for the following items:	1
What should i do if i upgrade my readycloud account to a mynetgear account but i do not see my readynas systems in readycloud?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
What should i do if i upgrade my readycloud account to a mynetgear account but i do not see my readynas systems in readycloud?	* Dual Band mode: Duo 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz configuration supporting 802.11n/802.11a (5 GHz) and 802.11g/ 802.11b (2.4 GHz)	0
What should i do if i upgrade my readycloud account to a mynetgear account but i do not see my readynas systems in readycloud?	The SPI firewall that the R7000 is built-in but cannot be customized.	0
What should i do if i upgrade my readycloud account to a mynetgear account but i do not see my readynas systems in readycloud?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB6504 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
What should i do if i upgrade my readycloud account to a mynetgear account but i do not see my readynas systems in readycloud?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What should i do if the tv stops showing my laptop screen?	Use Intel Wireless Display to check the wireless connection and reconnect to the Push2TV adapter if necessary.If the situation continues, try moving your laptop closer to the Push2TV adapter or place it in a location with a clear line of sight to the Push2TV adapter. Changing the channel of your WiFi router may also help.	1
What should i do if the tv stops showing my laptop screen?	This is a current limitation and we'll release future firmware to make it work. On the other	0
What should i do if the tv stops showing my laptop screen?	a. Yes, you can add scanning exclusions. You can add rule by Client, Destination and port combination under Global Settings/Scanning Exclusions	0
What should i do if the tv stops showing my laptop screen?	Yes.	0
What should i do if the tv stops showing my laptop screen?	NETGEAR home routers do not support Wake-on-LAN so even if the 3rd party adapter has that option, it will not work.	0
What should i do if the tv stops showing my laptop screen?	"Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays ""error 101"" error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears."	0
What should i know before upgrading my firmware to 6.4.0?	"It is considered ""best practice"" to make a current backup of any and all critical/important data prior to performing any firmware update."	1
What should i know before upgrading my firmware to 6.4.0?	Yes, NETGEAR PVSTP / PVRSTP and Cisco® PVST+ / RPVST+ are interoperable.	0
What should i know before upgrading my firmware to 6.4.0?	Under the default settings of the N450, open your browser (IE/Chrome/Firefox/Safari) and enter the URL [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) to access GUI. The default account is admin/password.	0
What should i know before upgrading my firmware to 6.4.0?	It supports a AnchorAnchormaximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
What should i know before upgrading my firmware to 6.4.0?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
What should i know before upgrading my firmware to 6.4.0?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What should the led status be when the wifi booster is correctly set up and functional?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	1
What should the led status be when the wifi booster is correctly set up and functional?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac and a few other container / tag formats.	0
What should the led status be when the wifi booster is correctly set up and functional?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What should the led status be when the wifi booster is correctly set up and functional?	[Can I update the ReadyNAS firmware before installing my disks?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21394)	0
What should the led status be when the wifi booster is correctly set up and functional?	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
What should the led status be when the wifi booster is correctly set up and functional?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter using Intel WiDi software on your PC, and click  PROPERTIES.	0
What signal is coming out of the 3 antennas for the 2.4ghz and 5ghz? is it 3db, 6db or 12db?	The antennas are 3dbi, 2i means 2dbi. The antennas are only producing the signal, it is the chipset that determines whether the router has 5GHz capability or not.	1
What signal is coming out of the 3 antennas for the 2.4ghz and 5ghz? is it 3db, 6db or 12db?	a. Yes, the STMxxxM (Software Maintenance & Upgrades, 24/7 Support, & Advanced Replacement Subscription) is an integral part of the NETGEAR ProSECURE experience and includes:	0
What signal is coming out of the 3 antennas for the 2.4ghz and 5ghz? is it 3db, 6db or 12db?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
What signal is coming out of the 3 antennas for the 2.4ghz and 5ghz? is it 3db, 6db or 12db?	* On Mac OS X (version 10.2 or later), enter smb://readyshare in the address bar.	0
What signal is coming out of the 3 antennas for the 2.4ghz and 5ghz? is it 3db, 6db or 12db?	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide best performance with WNA3100M.	0
What signal is coming out of the 3 antennas for the 2.4ghz and 5ghz? is it 3db, 6db or 12db?	The resolution of the Night Vision Camera is the same during normal light or at night.	0
What technologies does it use to get this range and video reliability?	The WNHDB3004 is the industry’s first 4x4 MIMO solution, 4 transmitters and 4 receivers. In addition, the WiFi technologies below made it possible to increase its range and provides resiliency and reliability of streaming Video over Wireless:	1
What technologies does it use to get this range and video reliability?	Centrino WiFi link 5300 supports HT40 and HT20 from Channel 1~11, but only supports HT20 at Channel 12 and 13.	0
What technologies does it use to get this range and video reliability?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	0
What technologies does it use to get this range and video reliability?	Yes, the PL1000 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
What technologies does it use to get this range and video reliability?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on. We can also tune these channels to make sure they don't interfere with other RF signals – like Amateur Ham Radio operators – in effect, notching out those frequencies from use (effectively using only 917 of the 1155). This reduces overall throughput, but ensures that we don't impact HAM Radio communications.	0
What technologies does it use to get this range and video reliability?	The D6400 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D6400 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, significantly more features such NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	0
What type of batteries are required for the night vision camera?	"The Night Vision Camera uses the same batteries as all other VueZone cameras - ""photo 123 batteries."""	1
What type of batteries are required for the night vision camera?	XCM8948 blade (48 x 1G RJ45) and XCM8944 blade (40 x 1G RJ45, 2 x SFP+, 2 x 10GBASE-T) can be equipped with a PoE daughter card for turning on PoE, PoE+ and/or UPOE on every Gigabit RJ45 ports on the blade. It means than any blade XCM8948 or XCM8944 can be upgraded with PoE at any point of time, and possibly downgraded if the application has changed. This is much more flexible than built-in PoE line-cards for instance, and it provides great investment protection in case of UPOE upgrade: only the daughter card would be upgraded, not the blade – hence lowering the cost and removing the need for re-configuration. There are two different PoE daughter cards: XCM89P for PoE+ and XCM89UP for UPOE. One daughter card per I/O blade is required.	0
What type of batteries are required for the night vision camera?	Once you successfully connect to the WiFi Booster from a computer that is outside the range of your existing router and log into  WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, the Smart Wizard will guide you through the process to connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router. If the Link Rate is red or the Smart Wizard simply cannot connect the WiFi Booster to an existing router, please move the WiFi Booster closer to the existing router or to a different spot where it provides a better line of sight. As you are moving the WiFi Booster, continue to check the Link Rate and the PC to WiFi Booster Connection LEDs on the front panel until you find a location where either one of the conditions in Question 1 is met. Note that you may have to unplug the WiFi Booster as you move it to a different location. If so, from the new location, power up the WiFi Booster and continue to check the LEDs.	0
What type of batteries are required for the night vision camera?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
What type of batteries are required for the night vision camera?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac and a few other container / tag formats.	0
What type of batteries are required for the night vision camera?	Any wireless router will work with the WNCE4004. To get optimal WiFi performance we recommend using a router with comparable WiFi speed. In this case, a router that supports WiFi speed of 450 Mbps on the 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless band or better.	0
What type of encryption is supported?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501 and XAVB2501 support 128-bit AES encryption.	1
What type of encryption is supported?	1. If the LED of WNCE3001 shows red color, please follow FAQ#2 above.	0
What type of encryption is supported?	In general Powerline networks work across the circuit breakers, as long as the circuit breaker is closed. The connection between the powerline devices could be good or bad depending on the attenuation/noise level on the electrical line.	0
What type of encryption is supported?	a. Yes, the STMxxxM (Software Maintenance & Upgrades, 24/7 Support, & Advanced Replacement Subscription) is an integral part of the NETGEAR ProSECURE experience and includes:	0
What type of encryption is supported?	"The default encryption key is ""HomePlugAV""."	0
What type of encryption is supported?	Yes, but you will either suffer a noticeable loss in performance, or if the signal is too low the units will not be able to communicate.	0
What type of file system does the eva700 support?	At this time, the EVA700 only support FAT32 file format system. The EVA700 does not support any NTFS formatted USB drives.	1
What type of file system does the eva700 support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What type of file system does the eva700 support?	It supports a maximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
What type of file system does the eva700 support?	WNDR3700 product is the most powerful and full featured router compared to any wireless router in the market today. With a 680 MHz power processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that WNDR3700 provides.	0
What type of file system does the eva700 support?	The R7300 DST comes with a 1 year warranty which is handled by GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for warranty assistance.	0
What type of file system does the eva700 support?	[How can I disable private home shares?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21457)	0
What type of modulation does powerline use?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	1
What type of modulation does powerline use?	If you powered on the hotspot before activating it, do the following:	0
What type of modulation does powerline use?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the router wirelessly and be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
What type of modulation does powerline use?	Vista PC enables DHCP broadcasting by default, and this seems to be the cause of this issue. You can either simply power cycle the router to reconnect the wireless adapter, or you can refer to this Microsoft article ([http://support.microsoft.com/kb/928233](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/928233)) for instructions on disabling DHCP broadcasting.	0
What type of modulation does powerline use?	The maximum supported HDD partition size supported by C3000/C3700 is 2-terabytes (TB). If using HDDs larger than 2 TB, the HDD will need to be partition into partitions smaller than 2 TB (e.g. If 4 TB HDD is being used you will need to partition the HDD into two 2 TB partitions in order for C3000/C3700 to detect it).	0
What type of modulation does powerline use?	The CMD31T supports up to 4 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	0
What type of qos does it support?	It supports 4 type QoS service. It includes applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. User can base on his behavior to setup internet traffic priority to get best efficiency.	1
What type of qos does it support?	"The Remote control touch pad has two modes. D-PAD (Up/Down/Left/Right/OK) or Touch Pad (Mouse, mouse click) modes. If the touch pad is in D-PAD mode, the center dot works as ""OK"". If the touch pad is in mouse mode, the center dot works as a mouse click. To enter Mouse pad mode swipe the touch pad, and to enter D-PAD mode click the Up/Down/Left/Right buttons."	0
What type of qos does it support?	Turn off the adapter by pushing the On/Off button on the rear panel.Press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button.While you continue to hold the Restore Factory Settings button, press the On/Off button to turn the adapter back on.	0
What type of qos does it support?	No. NETGEAR Manageable switches does support it.	0
What type of qos does it support?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
What type of qos does it support?	"Please delete the WN111v2?.exe process in task manager and click ""Ignore"" to continue the installation."	0
What type of qos does wndr3300 support?	It supports 4 type QoS service. It includes applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. User can base on his behavior to setup internet traffic priority to get best efficiency.	1
What type of qos does wndr3300 support?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
What type of qos does wndr3300 support?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem router products, your cable provider is responsible for pushing the firmware upgrade to your unit after they have certified it.	0
What type of qos does wndr3300 support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What type of qos does wndr3300 support?	During installation via the Web genie, WNR2500 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
What type of qos does wndr3300 support?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication. WPS can be enabled using 2 options:	0
What type of redundancy modes for fabric and management is available?	Only one: non-stop switching and hitless failover. M6100 series “distributed fabric” provides both Fabric and Management redundancy with non-stop switching and hitless failover. There is no fastidious configuration: Slot-1 is the Supervisor slot, and Slot-2 is the Back-up Supervisor slot (secondary). By default, the Back-up Supervisor slot (Slot-2) provides continuous stand-by mode within the distributed fabric. In case of a failure for the Supervisory blade in Slot-1, the Back-up Supervisor in Slot-2 is instantly taking over as the new Supervisor. Non-stop forwarding feature offers hitless failover for Slot-2 and Slot-3 switching and routing in that case.	1
What type of redundancy modes for fabric and management is available?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	0
What type of redundancy modes for fabric and management is available?	No, ASP150W cannot be used in other M4300 models.	0
What type of redundancy modes for fabric and management is available?	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
What type of redundancy modes for fabric and management is available?	No, Nighthawk X4S (D7800), Nighthawk (D7000), NETGEAR D6400 VDSL products do not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
What type of redundancy modes for fabric and management is available?	The best connection is established when there is a clear line of sight between the WiFi Booster and the computer you are using. If this straight path is blocked by a thick wall or other materials, move the WiFi Booster to a different location that is equal distance between the Booster and the existing router. If after trying out several spots and the computer is still not able to connect to the Booster, move the Booster closer to the PC as instructed in Question 2.	0
What type of redundancy modes for power supplies is available?	N+1 redundancy is provided when one power supply is in standby mode. There are four PSU slots in M6100-3S base chassis, so minimum two power supplies are required for N+1 mode. Four additional PSU slots can be added with RPS4000v2 external power supply bay. In that case, N+1 mode is available across the eight unified PSU slots.	1
What type of redundancy modes for power supplies is available?	This wireless repeating function supports wireless base station mode and repeater mode. Before using it, please make sure all AP devices must use the same SSID, wireless channel, authentication mode & encryption mode.	0
What type of redundancy modes for power supplies is available?	 The distance (200 feet) from the existing router is too far, thinking that there is also interference. Using a wireless powerline adapter is another option.	0
What type of redundancy modes for power supplies is available?	No. The GTV100 does not support HDCP.	0
What type of redundancy modes for power supplies is available?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
What type of redundancy modes for power supplies is available?	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TVs is recommended for the best viewing experience.	0
What type of wireless security does it support?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at g&b mode, WEP, WPA-PSK[TKIP], WPA2-PSK[AES], WPA-802.1x and WPA2-802.1x are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 130Mbps or Up to 270Mbps, the only wireless security supported now is WPA2-PSK[TKIP] + WPA2-PSK[AES] . For maximum performance WPA2-PSK[AES] should be used.	1
What type of wireless security does it support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What type of wireless security does it support?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 150Mbps” at 2.4GHz.	0
What type of wireless security does it support?	NTV550 can play YouTube videos in the H.264 format (i.e., videos labeled “HD” or “High Quality” by YouTube). Some YouTube videos are in the older, FLV/Sorenson format. NTV550 can play these latter videos only via assistance from NeoTV for Windows software, running on a PC. If NTV550 can locate a Windows PC running NeoTV for Windows, it will play the FLV/Sorenson videos via live transcoding. If aPC cannot be found, you will see an error message when attempting to play these videos. Note that many “Recently Added” videos are initially in the FLV/Sorenson format, until they are converted by the YouTube web site and made available in H.264 HQ and HD formats.	0
What type of wireless security does it support?	The R6300 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
What type of wireless security does it support?	* Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v2 support?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 145Mbps or 300Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	1
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v2 support?	The R7300 DST comes with a 1 year warranty which is handled by GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for warranty assistance.	0
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v2 support?	Additional info can be found at [http://www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v2 support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The newest and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v2 support?	Yes.	0
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v2 support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product. For more information, see [How to update firmware on your NETGEAR product](https://kb.netgear.com/000053880/How-to-update-firmware-on-your-NETGEAR-product).	0
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v3 support?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 145Mbps or 300Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	1
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v3 support?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v3 support?	Disk drives are the only component that is replaceable. For all other hardware problems, the entire chassis will be replaced.	0
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v3 support?	The C6300 USB 2.0 port supports 700 mA of power. Connecting USB HDD to the USB 2.0 port that requires more than 700 mA of power will require an external power supply.	0
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v3 support?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows,Mac and Linux (and not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
What type of wireless security does wnr2000v3 support?	Powercycle both R6300 routers as well as the gaming system to get a DHCP assigned IP.	0
What type of wireless security does wpn824n support?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 65Mbps or 150Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	1
What type of wireless security does wpn824n support?	"This is a brand new 10 Gigabit Ethernet ""ProSAFE Plus Switch"". It supports eight 100/1000/10000 Mbps RJ45 ports with one combo port supporting 10 Gigabit SFP+ fiber."	0
What type of wireless security does wpn824n support?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	0
What type of wireless security does wpn824n support?	Yes, the XAV1004 does support Standby mode.	0
What type of wireless security does wpn824n support?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
What type of wireless security does wpn824n support?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What types of esata devices are supported by rn3138?	RN3138 eSATA ports are provided by Marvell PCIe SATA 3 controller 88SE9170. The eSATA device compatibility is therefore determined by Marvell controller.	1
What types of esata devices are supported by rn3138?	It should work as long as it is a static IP address. Just make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the Internet, whether it is IPv4 or IPv6. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have the plus or premium account.	0
What types of esata devices are supported by rn3138?	NETGEAR does not have a timeframe when a firmware will be pushed down to customer's units. NETGEAR provide the firmware to the ISP which will go through their approval process. Once the firmware is approved, the ISP will push down the firmware to the N450 on their schedule. Customers should always have the latest approved firmware available from their ISP.	0
What types of esata devices are supported by rn3138?	The NeoTV Streaming Player connects to the Internet through your home network using either a wireless connection or, if you prefer, an Ethernet cable. For wireless connections, the NeoTV Streaming Player follows the Wi-Fi standard and is compatible with 802.11b, 802.11g, and 802.11n networks. The NeoTV Streaming Player also supports wireless security, including WEP, WPA, and WPA2.	0
What types of esata devices are supported by rn3138?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
What types of esata devices are supported by rn3138?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
What types of qos does dgnd3300(b) support?	It supports 4 types of QoS service. This includes QoS settings for applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. The user can configure QoS based the way the product is used to set internet traffic priority for the best efficiency for the user's situation.	1
What types of qos does dgnd3300(b) support?	During installation via the Smart Wizard CD, WPN824 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
What types of qos does dgnd3300(b) support?	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet. This device is equiped with NAT.	0
What types of qos does dgnd3300(b) support?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 150Mbps support the draft 802.11N	0
What types of qos does dgnd3300(b) support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What types of qos does dgnd3300(b) support?	A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
What usb device that i can use with the usb port?	You can use a USB External Hard Drives for ReadySHARE feature.	1
What usb device that i can use with the usb port?	Unfortunately, the WNR2000v4 does not support jumbo frames.	0
What usb device that i can use with the usb port?	A  SUBSCRIBER IDENTITY MODULE OR SUBSCRIBER IDENTIFICATION MODULE (SIM) is an integrated circuit card that securely stores the International Mobile Subscriber Identity (IMSI) and the related key used to identify and authenticate subscribers on devices (such as mobile phones, computers and the MBR1515). The MBR1515 requires an activated SIM card and Verizon Wireless 4G LTE service plan subscription.	0
What usb device that i can use with the usb port?	The R7300 supports multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
What usb device that i can use with the usb port?	For troubleshooting guidance on various NETGEAR models, see [Troubleshooting NETGEAR WiFi Range Extenders](https://kb.netgear.com/25731/Troubleshooting-NETGEAR-WiFi-Range-Extenders).	0
What usb device that i can use with the usb port?	M6100 Chassis Switch supports third-party DAC passive and active cables, as long as they are SFP+ MSA compliant.	0
What video codecs does the eva8000 supports?	MP1/2/4, Xvid, VC-1/WMV-9, H.264, OpenDivX all to 1080p.	1
What video codecs does the eva8000 supports?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What video codecs does the eva8000 supports?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem router products, your cable provider is responsible for pushing the firmware upgrade to your unit after they have certified it.	0
What video codecs does the eva8000 supports?	 NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with “wired” or Ethernet connection only.	0
What video codecs does the eva8000 supports?	Using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
What video codecs does the eva8000 supports?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
What video codecs does the eva9000 supports?	MP1/2/4, Xvid, VC-1/WMV-9, H.264, OpenDivX all to 1080p	1
What video codecs does the eva9000 supports?	* Manually power off or configure to use a smaller Wi-Fi range within the advanced settings.	0
What video codecs does the eva9000 supports?	The distance you can space the EX7300/EX6400 away from your router will vary from home to home. Walls, electronics, and pipes between the router and the extender can significantly decrease the range of your router's WiFi signals. We suggest you place the EX7300/EX6400 half way between your router and your dead spot.	0
What video codecs does the eva9000 supports?	It's an upgrade from unmanaged switch which can only be Plug-N-Play, and is not configurable. ProSAFE Web Managed switch gives user the flexibility to configure fundamental settings.	0
What video codecs does the eva9000 supports?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the Extender network and your PC is configured as DHCP client mode. In your browser, type the URL http://www.mywifiext.net. If you still cannot access the Extender, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL http://www.mywifiext.net.	0
What video codecs does the eva9000 supports?	The WNR2000v5 does not come with an installation CD. It has a new feature called NETGEAR genie that will help with the installation of the router.	0
What wifi adapter should i be using with r8000? i don't see a usb tri-band adapter anywhere. do i need it?	The R8000 is a Tri-Band router but it does not require a Tri-Band adapter. It means it can broadcast three separate frequencies ( one 2.5Ghz and two 5.0GHz) as long the wireless client can detect one or both it will work.	1
What wifi adapter should i be using with r8000? i don't see a usb tri-band adapter anywhere. do i need it?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
What wifi adapter should i be using with r8000? i don't see a usb tri-band adapter anywhere. do i need it?	"* Select ""No, I want to configure the Internet connection myself."" option on the wizard page and click """"Next""""."	0
What wifi adapter should i be using with r8000? i don't see a usb tri-band adapter anywhere. do i need it?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
What wifi adapter should i be using with r8000? i don't see a usb tri-band adapter anywhere. do i need it?	 XAV1401V1: To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1401 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
What wifi adapter should i be using with r8000? i don't see a usb tri-band adapter anywhere. do i need it?	The EVA8000 uses a network share or USB drive to store some of its settings. This location is user definable and is normally configured during setup. This location can be changed to a different location at any time by choosing the following from the Home menu:  MORE >  SUPERVISOR FUNCTIONS >  ADVANCED SETTINGS >  MEDIA LIBRARY MANAGEMENT >  DATA SAVE LOCATION.	0
What will happen to the users with whom i shared my readycloud devices?	When you upgrade your ReadyCLOUD account, your users automatically migrate to your MyNETGEAR.com account.	1
What will happen to the users with whom i shared my readycloud devices?	No, ASP150W cannot be used in other M4300 models.	0
What will happen to the users with whom i shared my readycloud devices?	You may attach a USB keyboard and mouse. At this time only US English layout is supported.	0
What will happen to the users with whom i shared my readycloud devices?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid green before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid green, check the DSL connectionis connected to the DSL RJ11 port on the modem router.	0
What will happen to the users with whom i shared my readycloud devices?	The best distance is within 12 feet (about 3 meters). Also, ensure the Push2TV is in a clear line of sight from the PC.	0
What will happen to the users with whom i shared my readycloud devices?	* The update process is completed when the onscreen progress bar completes. During the firmware update, the Power LED blinks amber. After the firmware update is done, the router restarts and the Power LED illuminates solid amber.	0
What wireless modes are supported by d7800?	It supports full 2.4 GHz and 5GHz configuration including 802.11n, 802.11g, and 802.11b.	1
What wireless modes are supported by d7800?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
What wireless modes are supported by d7800?	No. XAVB2001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
What wireless modes are supported by d7800?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (not set to static IP). Second, make sure that the Wireless Device to Extender light is solid green and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser and enter [www.mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net/) or the extenders default IP [http://192.168.1.250](http://192.168.1.250/).	0
What wireless modes are supported by d7800?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What wireless modes are supported by d7800?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What wireless modes are supported?	D1500 supports full 2.4 GHZ configuration including 802.11n, 802.11g, and 802.11b.	1
What wireless modes are supported?	R6400 has 2 USB ports, 1 USB 3.0-Storage port at the front and 1 USB 2.0-Printer port at the back. NETGEAR recommends that you connect a USB storage device to the USB 3.0-Storage port and connect a printer to the USB 2.0-Printer port.	0
What wireless modes are supported?	Please check the following:	0
What wireless modes are supported?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601 and XAV1401 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
What wireless modes are supported?	The Restore Factory Settings button is located on the bottom of the unit.While the adapter is turned on and wait until the LED turns amber and the TV screen shows “Ready for Connection”, tap the Restore Factory Settings button.To step through the language selections, tap the Restore Factory Settings button for less than 0.5 seconds.To go back to the previous language selection, press the Restore Factory Settings button for more than 0.5 second and less than 5 seconds.When the correct language is displayed, release the Restore Factory Settings button.	0
What wireless modes are supported?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6100 from  netgear ?	A6100 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6100 and connect to 5GHz. A6100 provides beamforming feature and also uses 802.11ac that can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	1
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6100 from  netgear ?	M6100-3S distributed fabric speed is 480 Gbps inter-module. Each slot provides 8 x 10G unidirectional access to the backplane (80G half-duplex and 160G full-duplex per slot).	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6100 from  netgear ?	If you are connecting to the 5 GHz network, Intel Wireless Display will not work. Intel Wireless Display is compatible with any 2.4 GHz WiFi Router. If your router supports both 2.4 and 5 GHz, connect the laptop to the 2.4 GHz wireless network.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6100 from  netgear ?	* Works only with a Verizon Wireless 4G LTE service plan subscription.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6100 from  netgear ?	1. Remove any cables connecting the modem to the computer. Plug in the modem power adapter and check the power light to ensure the modem is on.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6100 from  netgear ?	WNDAP350 has inbuilt 6dbi Omni-directional monopole antennas under the black plastic cover. However if user wants to use higher gain directional antennas to establish wireless bridging, they can use the optional takeoffs provided at the rear. The optional external antenna is only for 2.4GHz. if the user wishes to use external antennas they should select external antenna from the Radio page on the system UI and also adjust the Transmit power to stay within the countryâ€™s regulatory limits.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6200 from netgear?	A6200 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6200 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac also provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	1
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6200 from netgear?	By default setting, EX6200 use the same password as your home network. You need log into the router to get the password. If you change EX6200's password during Smart Setup, EX6200 don't have interface to let you view the password. Thus we suggest you redo the EX6200 Smart Setup to configure EX6200 again.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6200 from netgear?	Yes, you can still access the Internet if the hotspot’s LCD screen is not lit.The LCD screen goes to sleep if there is no activity on the screen, but the WiFi radio is still active. To wake up the LCD, press and quickly release the Powerbutton.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6200 from netgear?	The WNDAP350 will work with the existing 802.3af PoE infrastructure, so no new, non-standard equipment needs to be deployed.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6200 from netgear?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6200 from netgear?	The power consumption of XAV5101 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 4.5 Watts in 220V AC.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6210 from netgear?	A6210 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6210 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac can provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	1
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6210 from netgear?	a. You can purchase a higher specification model, but all of our security appliances run on specific, unique hardware. Security vendors sometimes sell the exact same hardware across multiple models and upgrades entail removing software caps that limit the hardware’s performance for the lower specification models. NETGEAR ProSECURE doesn’t believe in this approach - NETGEAR ProSECURE believes that you should always get what you pay for – and this is consistent with our philosophy of “No per-user licenses”.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6210 from netgear?	Please take caution when using the Ethernet Port Aggregation feature when connecting the router's AGGREGATE ports to a switch. The router's AGGREGATE ports use 802.3ad LACP (Link Aggregation Control Protocol) to perform port aggregation. LACP is typically found on Smart Managed Switches and Fully Managed switches. It will not work on a regular unmanaged switch. If you do not know what type of switch you have, please check with the switch manufacturer's website to confirm whether or not LACP is supported on your switch.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6210 from netgear?	C6250 is a dual-band cable modem router that supports both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi bands. You can connect to either the 2.4 GHz or 5 GHz band depending on your wireless device's capability. In general, 5 GHz band is faster and has less interference.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6210 from netgear?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 145Mbps” on 2.4GHz and “Up to 433Mbps” on 5GHz.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with a6210 from netgear?	1. Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda 4 100 from netgear?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA4100.	1
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda 4 100 from netgear?	Current online sources are Internet radio, YouTube and Flickr and RSS based Audio and Video podcasts.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda 4 100 from netgear?	No. Please power off fully by shutting off the rear panel switch before installing or removing a hard drive. The hard drive will not be damaged if you remove it with the EVA powered up, but the EVA will not recognize any hard drive which is installed after initial power-on.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda 4 100 from netgear?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda 4 100 from netgear?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda 4 100 from netgear?	In North America, NETGEAR Powerline products work with 110 volt 2-prong or 3-prong electrical outlets. Outside of North America, there are country specific plugs for the Powerline products sold in those regions.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100v2 from netgear?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA3100v2.	1
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100v2 from netgear?	No. Please power off fully by shutting off the rear panel switch before installing or removing a hard drive. The hard drive will not be damaged if you remove it with the EVA powered up, but the EVA will not recognize any hard drive which is installed after initial power-on.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100v2 from netgear?	The SPI firewall that the R7000 is built-in but cannot be customized.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100v2 from netgear?	Most printers today have built-in WiFi. The printer can be connected to the D1500 wirelessly, and thus to be shared by all the devices on the WiFi network. The wireless connection gives you the freedom to place the printer at any location in the house.	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100v2 from netgear?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
What wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100v2 from netgear?	Yes. A CATV amplifier or may block or interfere MoCA signal and cause the MCA1001 to malfunction. Avoid placing an amplifier in the path between MoCA nodes unless it is appropriately bypassed at MoCA frequencies (850 to 1525 MHz).	0
What wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	If you are connecting to the 5 GHz network, Intel Wireless Display will work only with Wireless WiFi Software version 14.0 or newer. Intel Wireless Display is compatible with any 2.4 GHz WiFi Router. If your router supports both 2.4 and 5 GHz, and you are using an earlier software version, connect the laptop to the 2.4 GHz wireless network.	1
What wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	Yes, WPN824N is workable under Mac OS, and you may access Internet without problem via browser Safari 1.4 higher version.	0
What wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest.	0
What wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	Stora is a comprehensive home network storage system that lets you store, share and protect music, movies, photos and data using any device on your home network and over the Internet.	0
What wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	It is 16 Amp for GR and FR, 15 Amp for NA and 13 Amp for UK.	0
What wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	"It is considered ""best practice"" to make a current backup of any and all critical/important data prior to performing any firmware update."	0
What would i do with a video network?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	1
What would i do with a video network?	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XE103 Powerline Encryption Utility to set a network password within the group or network.	0
What would i do with a video network?	 The PTV3000 have no region limitation but channels that can be played depend on region.	0
What would i do with a video network?	Aim the remote at the front of the NeoTV 350.	0
What would i do with a video network?	"Yes, you can access the Stora web GUI from your local LAN by opening a web browser and entering ""http://IP_Address/?local=1""."	0
What would i do with a video network?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum - 200Mbps.	0
What's in the arlo q box?	Arlo Q camera boxes include the following:	1
What's in the arlo q box?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
What's in the arlo q box?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
What's in the arlo q box?	  STEP 1: GO TO[http://support.apple.com/kb/DL999](http://support.apple.com/kb/DL999) TO DOWNLOAD BONJOUR PRINT SERVICES FOR WINDOWS.	0
What's in the arlo q box?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v2. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
What's in the arlo q box?	It is 16 Amp for GR and FR, 15 Amp for NA and 13 Amp for UK.	0
What's new	1. SMB clients now see the share quota usage when checking volume usage.	1
What's new	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What's new	JGS524E supports loop detection. When a loop is detected, the left LED on the affected port will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second.	0
What's new	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA4100.	0
What's new	* For wireless networks, make sure that the Wireless Network Name (SSID) and security settings of the Digital Entertainer HD and media server match exactly.	0
What's new	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What's new in r6200 version 2?	The R6200v2 adopts the latest 11ac latest chip sets, supports a USB 3.0 port, and 256MB Flash memory for future software features expansion.	1
What's new in r6200 version 2?	We don’t suggest it but you can use other USB3.0 cable to connect A6210 to your computer. there are something important to highlight that 1. Please don’t use USB2.0 cable. If you use USB2.0 cable, A6210 can’t function as USB3.0 device. 2. Please don’t use too long USB3.0 cable because it will make too large voltage drop to let computer can’t detect A6210.	0
What's new in r6200 version 2?	Use Intel Wireless Display to check the wireless connection and reconnect to the Push2TV adapter if necessary.If the situation continues, try moving your laptop closer to the Push2TV adapter or place it in a location with a clear line of sight to the Push2TV adapter. Changing the channel of your WiFi router may also help.	0
What's new in r6200 version 2?	[Can I update the ReadyNAS firmware before installing my disks?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21394)	0
What's new in r6200 version 2?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
What's new in r6200 version 2?	No. This cannot be configured on home routers.	0
What's the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	It's not recommend using WPA-PSK or WEP for wireless security setting; instead users should always use WPA2-PSK for the best wireless security. WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK.	1
What's the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare)	0
What's the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
What's the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	No, DM200 only allows you to use VDSL/ADSL port as a WAN port.	0
What's the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	WNDR3400v3 supports the following wireless securities:	0
What's the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	No, when you configure your device for ReadyCLOUD, you can register your new product to a MyNETGEAR.com.com account and use the MyNETGEAR login to begin using ReadyCLOUD.	0
What's the difference between port-based and service-based qos?	Port-based QOS, a unique feature of the XAV1004 and XAVB1004, allows a user to prioritize specific applications by simply plugging a device into a color-coded port on the back of the product. This way, a user can ensure that his gaming console or HD movies always receive unconstrained bandwidth, even when other devices are attempting to transmit data over the shared powerline networking.	1
What's the difference between port-based and service-based qos?	The maximum WiFi clients supported is 32.	0
What's the difference between port-based and service-based qos?	While channel 2-4 use standard SATA connector, channel 1 uses SFF-8639 connector which supports NVMe drive. NVMe support is experimental. NETGEAR does not support it on RN3138 at this time.	0
What's the difference between port-based and service-based qos?	By default, the PL1000 device and PLW1000 use the same default encryption key so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
What's the difference between port-based and service-based qos?	Yes, ReadyDATA has 16GB of RAM rather than 4GB.	0
What's the difference between port-based and service-based qos?	No; your device will work even if you do not register, but you will not be able to open a support ticket with our technical support team unless you register. If you have not registered, you can still download firmware updates and manuals, and search the technical knowledge base, on the NETGEAR support website : [http://support.netgear.com](http://support.netgear.com)	0
What's the difference between port-based qos and service-based qos?	"The Port-based QoS of XAV2602 allows users to prioritize the traffic by simply plugging a device into the ""Video"" or ""Data"" ports of this product. The ""Video"" port is suitable for connecting to an HD / media streaming server, and the ""Data"" port is suitable for connecting to a PC."	1
What's the difference between port-based qos and service-based qos?	* [Recovering a folder with ReadyCLOUD](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29795)	0
What's the difference between port-based qos and service-based qos?	 The R6100 was designed to provide the fastest Wi-Fi speed at the lowest possible price, with the latest Wi-Fi standard 802.11ac connectivity.	0
What's the difference between port-based qos and service-based qos?	The ReadyNAS OS 6 device protects user data by scanning all files as they are written to the NAS. This includes scanning for virus, malware, and Trojans. The user does not need to subscribe or pay an additional fee for this feature. All the user needs to do is enable it in the System - Settings page.	0
What's the difference between port-based qos and service-based qos?	Powerline products need to be used in 'pairs' – at least two in a home. So NETGEAR sells them in pairs, like the XAVB2101 which is a bundle of two XAV2101. However, customers do have the option to add a 3rd or 4th etc device to their network. So for that reason, we sell the single units – XAV2101	0
What's the difference between port-based qos and service-based qos?	The M6100-3S chassis provides extra high-density in 4U height (7 inches – 17.78cm) and 17.39 inches depth (44.16cm).	0
What's the difference between r6250 smart wi-fi router and r6200/r6300 routers?	R6250 is the AC1600 router: It supports Max 1300Mbps at 5GHz, and Max 300Mbps at 2.4GHz.	1
What's the difference between r6250 smart wi-fi router and r6200/r6300 routers?	Currently, WNHD3004 bridge can only connect to WNHD3004 access point so it’s not supported. We	0
What's the difference between r6250 smart wi-fi router and r6200/r6300 routers?	During installation via the Web genie, WNR2020 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest FW on web site every time when you login the GUI.	0
What's the difference between r6250 smart wi-fi router and r6200/r6300 routers?	Under ideal conditions, MCA1001v2 adapters have a data rate of up to 175 Mbps. The effective data rate is somewhat lower. Consequently, a 100-Mbps network adapter is adequate in most cases.	0
What's the difference between r6250 smart wi-fi router and r6200/r6300 routers?	3G: HSPA / UMTS @ 2100MHz and 2G: GSM / GPRS @ 900/ 1800MHz	0
What's the difference between r6250 smart wi-fi router and r6200/r6300 routers?	No, the adapter requires drivers and is only compatible with Windows computers (check the product page for the latest available software for your device).	0
What's the difference between standard beamforming and netgear's beamforming+ technology?	NETGEAR Beamforming+ includes standard based Beamforming implementation as defined by the current 802.11ac standard, the + refers to NETGEAR's implementation of driver level improvements done for improved Wi-Fi performance and range.	1
What's the difference between standard beamforming and netgear's beamforming+ technology?	Customers must use the AC785 with an active SIM card which can be purchased from a mobile operator in your country. Data plan fees apply, and are sold directly by the mobile operator.	0
What's the difference between standard beamforming and netgear's beamforming+ technology?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What's the difference between standard beamforming and netgear's beamforming+ technology?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
What's the difference between standard beamforming and netgear's beamforming+ technology?	If your product does not have a serial number, it has been refurbished. The serial number is not required to register your product. Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Register%20a%20refurbished%20product) with:	0
What's the difference between standard beamforming and netgear's beamforming+ technology?	Please check whether you have a DECT cordless phone. If so, please make sure its base station is not within 3 feet (1 meter) of the router, otherwise, their signals will get mixed and you’ll experience connection issues to the router.	0
What's the wireless repeating function?	Wireless Repeating function allows you to make a completely wireless infrastructure. Normally, the access points must be connected with a wire (LAN). These access points create cells allowing a wireless connection. This feature allows the access points to be wirelessly connected. When the structure is too large and is hard to cover using one AP, a second AP would be used as a wireless repeater.	1
What's the wireless repeating function?	* Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
What's the wireless repeating function?	During installation via the Web genie, EX6200 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The extender will check for the latest firmware on web site every time when you login the GUI.	0
What's the wireless repeating function?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	0
What's the wireless repeating function?	Yes, the XAVB2001 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
What's the wireless repeating function?	No, your DGN2200v4 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
What’s the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	It’s not recommend using WPA-PSK or WEP for wireless security setting; instead users should always use WPA2-PSK for the best wireless security. WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK.	1
What’s the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	This feature is not available on the DGN1000v1. It is only available on the DGN1000v3.	0
What’s the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
What’s the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	C7000 USB2.0 supports USB 2.0 and USB 3.0 storage and printer devices.	0
What’s the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
What’s the advantage of running wpa-psk2 or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	Ethernet port aggregation only allow the device which supported and configured the 802.3ad link aggregation to connect to it. If connect to 2 ports to the regular switch, it will cause the network broadcast storm (looping). Please be aware of it.	0
What’s the advantage of running wpa2-psk or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	For 802.11n it isn't recommended to use WPA-PSK or WEP, instead you should use WPA2-PSK for better security. Also, performance-wise, WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK. WEP is not recommended as it is least secure.	1
What’s the advantage of running wpa2-psk or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	No. XAVB5601 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
What’s the advantage of running wpa2-psk or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	The GS316 has a 3 year warranty. In China and India a 1 year warranty applies.	0
What’s the advantage of running wpa2-psk or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use.	0
What’s the advantage of running wpa2-psk or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	During installation via the Web genie, WNDR4500 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
What’s the advantage of running wpa2-psk or mixed wpa-psk/wpa2-psk mode over wpa-psk or wep mode?	It will work as long as it is a static IP address. Make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the internet. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have a plus or premium account.	0
What’s the default ip address of gss108e and gs116e?	They support to get dynamic IP address from DHCP server by default. If a DHCP server is not installed in your network, the default IP address is 192.168.0.239	1
What’s the default ip address of gss108e and gs116e?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
What’s the default ip address of gss108e and gs116e?	Yes! Go to the Music menu and start playing a song playlist. While the music is playing, you can go to the Photos menu and start playing your slideshow with the music in the background.	0
What’s the default ip address of gss108e and gs116e?	This is expected. Since the EX6100 provides 1x1 11ac antenna stream in 5GHz band the connection in 5GHz band will be the lower of the two, meaning 1x1 11ac.	0
What’s the default ip address of gss108e and gs116e?	The Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router has two USB ports. Both the USB 3.0 port and USB 2.0 are located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as a USB printer and the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 hard drives.	0
What’s the default ip address of gss108e and gs116e?	The device has one power LED:	0
What’s the major function of top dome led/button behavior?	The top of the wireless router includes a dome with status lights that identify the status of the selected option you chose for either Wireless data status (default), Guest Network status, Live Parental Controls status, or Broadband Usage Meter status. You can select your preferred option in router’s GUI	1
What’s the major function of top dome led/button behavior?	This is a bug in the Setup CD which sets the Internet connection idle timeout to 5 minutes. To remove the idle timeout, log into the Basic Settings page and change the Idle Timeout to zero minutes. If you didn't use the Setup CD to configure your device you will not see the problem.	0
What’s the major function of top dome led/button behavior?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
What’s the major function of top dome led/button behavior?	Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps. (Best)	0
What’s the major function of top dome led/button behavior?	QoS stands for Quality of Service. It’s the ability in a router to differentiate Internet traffic by type—such as video, voice and data—and assign different priority to that traffic to maximize available bandwidth. With basic QoS, streaming content—like videos or games—gets higher priority over lighter traffic like email or chat sites.	0
What’s the major function of top dome led/button behavior?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
When a netgear home router is in wireless ap mode, is there a way to turn on its vpn server feature?	No. You cannot use or enable the VPN service once Wireless AP Mode is selected.	1
When a netgear home router is in wireless ap mode, is there a way to turn on its vpn server feature?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
When a netgear home router is in wireless ap mode, is there a way to turn on its vpn server feature?	Multi PVC talks about triple play deployment of ADSL2+, VOIP and IPTV. Our home gateways does not support IPTV yet.	0
When a netgear home router is in wireless ap mode, is there a way to turn on its vpn server feature?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device.	0
When a netgear home router is in wireless ap mode, is there a way to turn on its vpn server feature?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
When a netgear home router is in wireless ap mode, is there a way to turn on its vpn server feature?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5601 Configuration utility.	0
When are firmware upgrades available?	NETGEAR does not have a timeframe when a firmware will be pushed down to customer's units. NETGEAR provide the firmware to the ISP which will go through their approval process. Once the firmware is approved, the ISP will push down the firmware to the C3000/C3700 on their schedule. Customers should always have the latest approved firmware available from their ISP.	1
When are firmware upgrades available?	The maximum supported HDD partition size supported by C3000/C3700 is 2-terabytes (TB). If using HDDs larger than 2 TB, the HDD will need to be partition into partitions smaller than 2 TB (e.g. If 4 TB HDD is being used you will need to partition the HDD into two 2 TB partitions in order for C3000/C3700 to detect it).	0
When are firmware upgrades available?	The XAVB5602 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site, if any.	0
When are firmware upgrades available?	* Enables you to take advantage of Gigabit Wi-Fi speeds on current devices.	0
When are firmware upgrades available?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
When are firmware upgrades available?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	The DST6501 DST adapter needs a router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The DST will work with wired or wireless type of routers.	1
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router. Users can put the switch either at “wireless” or “wired” position depending on the use scenario. “Wired” position is selected if the Internet is reachable from a wired connection, for instance, by a DSL modem or another router’s LAN port. Otherwise, “wireless” position is preferred if a user wants to share a Hotspot wireless connection among various wireless devices.	0
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	The Nighthawk WiFi Router has two USB ports. The USB 3.0 port is located on the front panel of the router. The USB 2.0 port is located on the rear panel of the router. We recommend using the USB 2.0 port for connecting slower devices such as a USB printer, and the USB 3.0 port for connecting faster devices like USB 3.0 hard drives.	0
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	 No. The only change you can apply to the extender is its SSID.	0
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 65Mbps or 150Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	ReadySHARE Cloud gives you remote access over the Internet to a USB storage device that is connected to your router’s USB port.	0
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work with an ethernet/wired type of router?	The DST will work with wired or wireless routers. The DST6501 adapter needs a router to provide IP addresses to connected devices.	1
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work with an ethernet/wired type of router?	This device supports 20/40 MHz Coexistence, AP feature, Brute Attack protection, IPV6 and Traffic Meter.	0
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work with an ethernet/wired type of router?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work with an ethernet/wired type of router?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work with an ethernet/wired type of router?	It’s not recommend using WPA-PSK or WEP for wireless security setting; instead users should always use WPA2-PSK for the best wireless security. WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK.	0
When buying a dst6501, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work with an ethernet/wired type of router?	i. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the  RESTORE FACTORY SETTINGS button, located on the bottom of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
When buying a pl1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	The  PL1000 ADAPTER needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The  PLW1000 will work with a  WIRED OR WIRELESS type of router.	1
When buying a pl1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	Please make sure you have install service pack 2 or higher on your computer. XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Config is in used to configure your wireless adapter rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard, then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
When buying a pl1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	Go to ADVANCED>NETGEAR Downloader. There are two tabs - Basic settings and Download Manager. Before using NETGEAR Downloader, please go to the Basic settings page to change the settings. If you are okay with the default settings, just go to the Download Manager to continue with your settings.	0
When buying a pl1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	The touch wheel is used to select boot options, but cannot be used once the OS is booted.	0
When buying a pl1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
When buying a pl1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	Yes, the XAVB6504 does support Standby mode for power saving by a slide switch.	0
When buying a pl1000, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	The PL1000 Powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The Powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	1
When buying a pl1000, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	Primarily the cradle changes the direction that the antenna radiates its energy. The mobile hotspot by itself, necessarily, has to radiate its antenna energy in all directions at once. When the device is mobile, it’s impossible to know how it will be positioned relative to the nearest base station (lying flat, in a pocket horizontally, in a bag vertically, etc.). The cradle, however, only radiates energy horizontally, and looks for signal relatively close to the ground, not up in the air or straight down. It can do this because once the cradle is set up and the mobile hotspot is docked, the device no longer changes its position relative to the base station, it’s always upright in the cradle, on the same horizontal plane.	0
When buying a pl1000, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	The frequencies used by XAVB5602 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
When buying a pl1000, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	The D7000 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D7000 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, and significantly more features, such as the NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	0
When buying a pl1000, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
When buying a pl1000, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	The XAVN2001 and the NETGEAR Powerline device go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The devices resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	0
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work even with an ethernet/wired type of router?	The PL1000 adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The PLW1000 will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	1
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work even with an ethernet/wired type of router?	Use Intel Wireless Display to check the wireless connection and reconnect to the Push2TV adapter if necessary. If the situation continues, try moving your laptop closer to the Push2TV adapter or place it in a location with a clear line of sight to the Push2TV adapter. Changing the channel of your WiFi router might also help. For more information, launch Intel Wireless Display and select  HELP.	0
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work even with an ethernet/wired type of router?	Aim the remote at the front of the NeoTV 350.	0
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work even with an ethernet/wired type of router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work even with an ethernet/wired type of router?	Yes, any M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) support hot-swap and hot-plug.	0
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work even with an ethernet/wired type of router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	The  PL1000 ADAPTER needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The  PLW1000 will work with a  WIRED OR WIRELESS type of router.	1
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	[How and when do I use the Advanced Options tab?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21456)	0
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	1. Please make sure the connected PC/NB or mobile phone is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
When buying a plw1000, do i need to have a wireless router or will it work with a wired router?	Please follow below steps to configure.	0
When buying a xwnb5201, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	The XWNB5201 powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	1
When buying a xwnb5201, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac and a few other container / tag formats.	0
When buying a xwnb5201, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
When buying a xwnb5201, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	The XAVB5601 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site.	0
When buying a xwnb5201, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	Many audio receivers do not support digital audio below 96Kbps, so the workaround is for the user to connect the analog audio outputs of the EVA8000 to the analog inputs of their receiver. Switch the audio receiver to this input when listening to low bitrate audio.	0
When buying a xwnb5201, do we need to have a wireless router or will it work even with ethernet/wired type of router?	Only Android and iOS apps are currently available.	0
When can the touch wheel be used?	The touch wheel is used to select boot options, but cannot be used once the OS is booted.	1
When can the touch wheel be used?	* Connect the device to your computer via the USB cable and disable Wi-Fi	0
When can the touch wheel be used?	Yes. You can log on to the genie GUI, then select  ADVANCED >  SETUP >  LAN SETUP. The ”LAN Setup” window will appear, type in your selected device name in the Device Name field.	0
When can the touch wheel be used?	Yes, you need to change your screen display setting to extend mode.	0
When can the touch wheel be used?	Power over Ethernet (PoE) is an IEEE 802.3af standard technology that resides on the RJ-45 port. This enables an Ethernet cable to power the access point via a switch which also has IEEE 802.3af PoE support. This option means fewer cables and eliminates the need to place the WNDAP350 near a power outlet.	0
When can the touch wheel be used?	By default, the R7300 device and DST6501 use the same DST encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
When connecting to the existing network, smart wizard keeps asking me for my passphrase, and i am sure i've entered the correct passphrase, what can i do?	When this happens, it is very likely that the WiFi Booster is placed at the borderline of the range covered by the existing router. Please follow the instructions in Question 4 to resolve this.	1
When connecting to the existing network, smart wizard keeps asking me for my passphrase, and i am sure i've entered the correct passphrase, what can i do?	Yes. Arlo Q cameras let you listen or speak to who or what is being viewed on the camera. Arlo Q cameras employ half-duplex transmission and work similarly to walkie-talkies.	0
When connecting to the existing network, smart wizard keeps asking me for my passphrase, and i am sure i've entered the correct passphrase, what can i do?	UserName: admin	0
When connecting to the existing network, smart wizard keeps asking me for my passphrase, and i am sure i've entered the correct passphrase, what can i do?	The XAVN2001 and the NETGEAR Powerline device go into power saving mode when no RJ45 Ethernet cable is connected, and there is no associated wireless device. The devices resume normal operation when the Ethernet cable is plugged in or it recognizes the wireless client.	0
When connecting to the existing network, smart wizard keeps asking me for my passphrase, and i am sure i've entered the correct passphrase, what can i do?	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select “ADVANCED” tab, then click “Administration”, “Set Password” menus. After entering in the new password, please click the “Apply” button for it to take effect.	0
When connecting to the existing network, smart wizard keeps asking me for my passphrase, and i am sure i've entered the correct passphrase, what can i do?	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select “ADVANCED” tab, then click “Administration”, “Set Password” menu. After entering in the new password, please click the “Apply” button for it to take effect.	0
When do i need a base station?	You need a base station to connect Arlo Wire-Free cameras. You don't need a base station with Arlo Q cameras. Arlo Q cameras connect directly to your Wi-Fi router.	1
When do i need a base station?	"* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Restore Factory Settings"" button located on the rear panel of the router for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber."	0
When do i need a base station?	Dynamic QoS is a feature that tries to best utilize the current bandwidth and allocate resource to the most needed application or device. Not seeing an obvious effect, does not mean it is not working:	0
When do i need a base station?	For setup instructions on various NETGEAR models, see [Installing and configuring NETGEAR WiFi Range Extenders](https://kb.netgear.com/23517/Installing-and-configuring-NETGEAR-WiFi-Range-Extenders).	0
When do i need a base station?	* Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
When do i need a base station?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
When does a6100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	A6100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	1
When does a6100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	Traditional wireless networks (802.11b, 802.11g) use the 2.4 GHz frequency. However this frequency is very crowded as many devices in a typical home use it including Bluetooth, microwave ovens, some cordless phones, and baby monitors. This problem of crowded frequencies is compounded now that WiFi has become very popular, as many neighboring homes / apartments will also have WiFi on 2.4 GHz. The result is slow / inconsistent connections and shared bandwidth. This is particularly a problem when attempted high end applications such as Video Streaming. The 5 GHz frequency is much cleaner, with far less devices using it. And there are much more “channels” to choose from on 5 GHz, so even if many neighbors use 5 GHz, it is very easy to find a channel that no-one is using, and therefore has no interference. NETGEAR’s Dual Band technology uses both 2.4 GHz for backwards compatibility and 5 GHz for low interference networking.	0
When does a6100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	The Power LED should be blinking (amber) during firmware upgrade. After firmware upgrade is done and boots up the system, it changes to steady amber color, and then change to solid white when finish the system boot up.Please DO NOT power off or reboot the device during firmware upgrade, otherwise, it may result to a corrupt firmware and cause the device not to work.	0
When does a6100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	"Check the file permissions for those items and make sure they have ""read"" access allowed for ""Everyone""."	0
When does a6100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
When does a6100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router’s USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly.	0
When does a6200 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	A6200 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6200 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6200 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6200 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	1
When does a6200 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
When does a6200 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. With WPS, it automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
When does a6200 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	Only Android and iOS apps are currently available.	0
When does a6200 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only music files are supported.	0
When does a6200 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	Vista PC enables DHCP broadcasting by default, and this seems to be the cause of this issue. You can either simply power cycle the router to reconnect the wireless adapter, or you can refer to this Microsoft article ([http://support.microsoft.com/kb/928233](http://support.microsoft.com/kb/928233)) for instructions on disabling DHCP broadcasting.	0
When does a6210 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	A6210 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6210 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6210 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6210 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	1
When does a6210 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	During the installation of the Web genie, the R6220 will check the update server for the latest firmware and will automatically install any updates available. In addition, the GUI also supports auto-firmware upgrade. The R6220 will check for the latest firmware available every time the GUI is accessed.	0
When does a6210 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	"XAV2602 is one of ""Pass Thru"" Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won't be able to occupy the original electrical outlet."	0
When does a6210 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	"At 1st page of CD-less installation wizard, you can shoose ""I am an advanced user. I would like to manually configure my new router""."	0
When does a6210 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	Please follow below steps to configure.	0
When does a6210 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	* A modem-router/AP (gateway)	0
When does wnda 4 100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	WNDA4100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA4100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA4100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	1
When does wnda 4 100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	0
When does wnda 4 100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	[Backups are failing when using rsync. Why?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21524)	0
When does wnda 4 100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	This is just the same as the normal bridge mode. We recommend to use 2 R7000s to get optimal connection on bridging.	0
When does wnda 4 100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	1. Physically connect the USB hard drive to your Mac	0
When does wnda 4 100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	Yes. Arlo Q cameras let you listen or speak to who or what is being viewed on the camera. Arlo Q cameras employ half-duplex transmission and work similarly to walkie-talkies.	0
When does wnda3100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	WNDA3100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA3100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. The WNDA3100 will operate at 2.4 GHz if connected to a wireless router set at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA3100 operates at 5GHz. Note: If you have a dual band router, use the WNDA3100 Smart Wizard (Network tab) to determine the router’s operating frequency.	1
When does wnda3100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	In general Powerline networks work across the circuit breakers, as long as the circuit breaker is closed. The connection between the powerline devices could be good or bad depending on the attenuation/noise level on the electrical line.	0
When does wnda3100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	1. Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Reset push button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
When does wnda3100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
When does wnda3100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select  'ADVANCED' tab, then click  'ADMINISTRATION', followed by  'SET PASSWORD' option. After the new password has been entered, please click the  'APPLY' button for it to take effect.	0
When does wnda3100 operate at 2.4ghz and when does it run at 5ghz?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WPN824N, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network.	0
When i attempt to setup my extender on my android 6 smartphone, i am unable to finish the extender setup process using the web browser setup?	Android 6 mobile OS will detect if the WiFi network has an active Internet connection or not. When Android 6 mobile OS detects there's no active internet connection on WiFi, the WiFi is disabled on the Android device and will switch to mobile network to obtain an active Internet connection thus the connection to extender is lost and setup will fail. You can disable mobile network on the Android device, reconnect to the extender WiFi network to complete the extender setup. Alternatively, you can use a computer to complete setup via Ethernet configuration or WPS setup.	1
When i attempt to setup my extender on my android 6 smartphone, i am unable to finish the extender setup process using the web browser setup?	NETGEAR keeps improving the supported set top box information, but if you cannot find the correct codes during first time setup, Please skip this setting and finish the setup. As we add new firmware upgrades, we will continue to improve the supported set top boxes, which might include support for your model set top box.	0
When i attempt to setup my extender on my android 6 smartphone, i am unable to finish the extender setup process using the web browser setup?	1. Check if an update is available from the Internet.	0
When i attempt to setup my extender on my android 6 smartphone, i am unable to finish the extender setup process using the web browser setup?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 10 seconds. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
When i attempt to setup my extender on my android 6 smartphone, i am unable to finish the extender setup process using the web browser setup?	In Web Security > HTTP & HTTPS > URL Filtering, block all URLs while allowing the user login link to be on the resulting page.	0
When i attempt to setup my extender on my android 6 smartphone, i am unable to finish the extender setup process using the web browser setup?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the WiFi Booster network. In your browser, type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, as illustrated in Step 4 on the first page of this Installation Guide. If you still cannot access the WiFi Booster, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET.	0
When i buy a prosecure product with a license bundle, how do i know if my product has an electronic license or printed license key card?	Depending on the product purchased, the license will either be in the form of an electronic license or a printed license key card.	1
When i buy a prosecure product with a license bundle, how do i know if my product has an electronic license or printed license key card?	WNDA3100v2 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. WNDA3100v2 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then WNDA3100v2 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then WNDA3100v2 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router’s user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
When i buy a prosecure product with a license bundle, how do i know if my product has an electronic license or printed license key card?	The WNR2000v4 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
When i buy a prosecure product with a license bundle, how do i know if my product has an electronic license or printed license key card?	By default setting, EX6200 use the same password as your home network. You need log into the router to get the password. If you change EX6200's password during Smart Setup, EX6200 don't have interface to let you view the password. Thus we suggest you redo the EX6200 Smart Setup to configure EX6200 again.	0
When i buy a prosecure product with a license bundle, how do i know if my product has an electronic license or printed license key card?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
When i buy a prosecure product with a license bundle, how do i know if my product has an electronic license or printed license key card?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB2001 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
When i insert my usb storage device into a usb port on the router, the usb led does not illuminate. what does this mean?	This means that the router does not recognize your USB storage device. It might have interoperability issues. Try inserting your USB storage device into another USB port, or use another USB storage device.	1
When i insert my usb storage device into a usb port on the router, the usb led does not illuminate. what does this mean?	* Check the LED on the front panel of the Digital Entertainer HD to make sure the power is on. Make sure the television is turned on. If the LED on the front panel is not on push “power” on the remote and / or make sure the unit is plugged in.	0
When i insert my usb storage device into a usb port on the router, the usb led does not illuminate. what does this mean?	Two methods can reset the device to factory default. The first method is HW method :	0
When i insert my usb storage device into a usb port on the router, the usb led does not illuminate. what does this mean?	If you can log into the router, you can go to the  SETUP > WIRELESS SETTINGS page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
When i insert my usb storage device into a usb port on the router, the usb led does not illuminate. what does this mean?	2K	0
When i insert my usb storage device into a usb port on the router, the usb led does not illuminate. what does this mean?	"C6250 has SIP ALG enabled by default. Some of the new SIP applications may not work well with SIP ALG enabled. Please disable SIP ALG from Advanced > Setup > WAN Setup and check ""disable SIP ALG"""	0
When i plug in my usb storage device into the r6400, i don’t see the usb led light up. what does that mean?	That means the R6400 does not recognize your USB storage device. It may have interoperability issue. Please try to plug the USB storage device into the other USB port, and see if it works.	1
When i plug in my usb storage device into the r6400, i don’t see the usb led light up. what does that mean?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps.Up to 150Mbps and Up to 300Mbps modes support the draft 802.11N specification and use 20MHz and 40MHz frequency, respectively.Up to 300Mbps will provide the maximum performance in most cases.	0
When i plug in my usb storage device into the r6400, i don’t see the usb led light up. what does that mean?	The WNHDB3004 is capable of streaming multiple 1080P throughout a single family home. Today a lot of TVs are 3D and the bandwidth requirement goes higher when you are streaming 3D content over wireless as 3D HD streams which implies Two 1080P streams, one for each eye.	0
When i plug in my usb storage device into the r6400, i don’t see the usb led light up. what does that mean?	The supported operating systems are Windows 7 (32/64-bit), Vista, XP.	0
When i plug in my usb storage device into the r6400, i don’t see the usb led light up. what does that mean?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
When i plug in my usb storage device into the r6400, i don’t see the usb led light up. what does that mean?	Yes, there is. It can be seen under the option Device Mode.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to d7000, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	That means D7000 does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. If you plug USB storage before router power on, please re-test again, but this time please plug USB storage after router is system ready (Power LED is in white color), and see if it works.	1
When i plug in my usb storage to d7000, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	The M6100-3S chassis provides extra high-density in 4U height (7 inches – 17.78cm) and 17.39 inches depth (44.16cm).	0
When i plug in my usb storage to d7000, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to d7000, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting XE103s to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to d7000, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	User can configure Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping, and Broadcast Storm Filtering.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to d7000, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	For assistance in securing your wireless network, see [Securing your wireless network using WPA2](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/112)	0
When i plug in my usb storage to d7800, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	That means D7800 does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. If you plug USB storage before router power on, please re-test again, but this time please plug USB storage after router is system ready (Power LED is in white color), and see if it works.	1
When i plug in my usb storage to d7800, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to d7800, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	If you do not see your network listed under network name, click the refresh button until it shows up.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to d7800, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Yes, the WNR2000v5 support this feature. You can visit this website on how to enable this feature:	0
When i plug in my usb storage to d7800, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	The table below describes the WPS (the LED on the WPS push button of front panel) behaviors.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to d7800, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x4 r7500 router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	That means  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. If you plug USB storage before router power on, please re-test again, but this time please plug USB storage after router is system ready (Power LED is in white color), and see if it works.	1
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x4 r7500 router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5001 Configuration utility.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x4 r7500 router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	During installation via the browser based genie, the D7000 looks for the latest firmware, and if there is new firmware, router will ask user to confirm to upgrade it or not. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time when you login into the GUI.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x4 r7500 router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x4 r7500 router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x4 r7500 router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	The maximum supported HDD partition size supported by C3000/C3700 is 2-terabytes (TB). If using HDDs larger than 2 TB, the HDD will need to be partition into partitions smaller than 2 TB (e.g. If 4 TB HDD is being used you will need to partition the HDD into two 2 TB partitions in order for C3000/C3700 to detect it).	0
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x6 tri-band router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	That means Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue.	1
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x6 tri-band router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet is strongly recommended to get the best performances. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x6 tri-band router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	1. Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x6 tri-band router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x6 tri-band router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to nighthawk x6 tri-band router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	No, unfortunately the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to the nighthawk wifi router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	That means the Nighthawk WiFi Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. Please try to plug the USB storage device into other USB port, and see if it works.	1
When i plug in my usb storage to the nighthawk wifi router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Yes. Any of four M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) can be inserted into any slots of M6100-3S base chassis. Slot-1 is designed as a Supervisor slot. Slot-2 is designed as a Back-up Supervisor blade. Any combination of M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) can handle these roles.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to the nighthawk wifi router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	The factory reset button is located next to the Ethernet port of the CMD31T. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 5-10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to the nighthawk wifi router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	The C6300 supports up to 16 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to the nighthawk wifi router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands ( 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
When i plug in my usb storage to the nighthawk wifi router, i don't see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	A wireless range extender increases the distance of a WiFi network by repeating the WiFi signal and enhancing the overall signal quality over long distances. A WiFi range extender repeats the signals from a network's base WiFi router or access point.	0
When i plug in to my usb storage to pr2000, i don’t see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	That means PR2000 does not recognized your USB storage. It may have interoperability issue, or the power source of PR2000 is not enough to provide current to the storage.	1
When i plug in to my usb storage to pr2000, i don’t see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	The DGND3800B does not support this function.	0
When i plug in to my usb storage to pr2000, i don’t see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	The factory default settings for WiFi are SSID = Wireless, Security = WEP (128 bits), and WEP key is 11111111111111111111111111.	0
When i plug in to my usb storage to pr2000, i don’t see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	The XAV101v2 does not support 10/100 M half mode. Please do not set your Ethernet NIC cards to either 10M half mode or 100M half mode.	0
When i plug in to my usb storage to pr2000, i don’t see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	ReadySHARE AirMusic lets you play music wirelessly from your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, or Android device. The music is played on audio speakers, such as USB speakers or a Hi-Fi stereo system. Please visit the links below for more information:	0
When i plug in to my usb storage to pr2000, i don’t see the usb led lit. what does that mean?	Yes, WPS is supported on the initial driver.	0
When i turn on my downstream qos, i find no improvement in the video streaming quality.	NETGEAR Downstream QoS will prioritize the video streaming traffic over other traffic. This is helpful when you have multiple devices in the home competing for bandwidth with simultaneous downloads. Here are some of the possible reasons for the lack of video streaming improvement:	1
When i turn on my downstream qos, i find no improvement in the video streaming quality.	Yes, it is.	0
When i turn on my downstream qos, i find no improvement in the video streaming quality.	* [How to diagnose backup job failures on a ReadyNAS OS 6 system](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29829)	0
When i turn on my downstream qos, i find no improvement in the video streaming quality.	No, your D6300 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
When i turn on my downstream qos, i find no improvement in the video streaming quality.	Yes, the PLP1200 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
When i turn on my downstream qos, i find no improvement in the video streaming quality.	Windows Media Connect (at this time) doesn’t allow for streaming of M4A (AAC) files, so if you want to play these files on Media Connect (or Windows Media Center), you’ll need to convert them to MP3 files.	0
When i turn on my upstream qos, i find no improvement in gaming performance.	* Please ensure you have set the uplink bandwidth speed correctly. We recommend testing the uplink bandwidth speed by going to [www.speedtest.net](http://www.speedtest.net/) and running this test on a wired client with no other internet traffic on other client devices.	1
When i turn on my upstream qos, i find no improvement in gaming performance.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
When i turn on my upstream qos, i find no improvement in gaming performance.	1. Connect a computer to the NETGEAR router and launch a web browser.	0
When i turn on my upstream qos, i find no improvement in gaming performance.	The frequencies used by XAVB2001 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
When i turn on my upstream qos, i find no improvement in gaming performance.	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601. XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
When i turn on my upstream qos, i find no improvement in gaming performance.	The  NIGHTHAWK X4 R7500 ROUTER has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side of the router.	0
When playing a vob format media file, is there an easy way to change subtitles and audio, like a dvd-player audio or subtitle button?	Yes. You can press the “Menu” key and select the subtitle, audio or chapter from the on-screen menu.	1
When playing a vob format media file, is there an easy way to change subtitles and audio, like a dvd-player audio or subtitle button?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
When playing a vob format media file, is there an easy way to change subtitles and audio, like a dvd-player audio or subtitle button?	The XAV101 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrades. Connect your PC to one of the XAV101 devices and run the XAV101 Configuration utility. You can upgrade all of the XAV101 devices in you home through the device.	0
When playing a vob format media file, is there an easy way to change subtitles and audio, like a dvd-player audio or subtitle button?	The R6100 WiFi Router has a USB 2.0 port on the back.	0
When playing a vob format media file, is there an easy way to change subtitles and audio, like a dvd-player audio or subtitle button?	"1. ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
When playing a vob format media file, is there an easy way to change subtitles and audio, like a dvd-player audio or subtitle button?	D1500 supports full 2.4 GHZ configuration including 802.11n, 802.11g, and 802.11b.	0
When testing port aggregation, which ports should i use for my wired connections?	To get the fastest performance with port aggregation, for wired connections use Ethernet port 3 for the first computer, and use Ethernet port 4, 5, or 6 for the second computer. This will allow for speeds up to 2 Gbps with port aggregation. The maximum speed between 4, 5, and 6 is limited to 1Gbps.	1
When testing port aggregation, which ports should i use for my wired connections?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
When testing port aggregation, which ports should i use for my wired connections?	The power consumption of XAV5201 is 2.4 Watts.	0
When testing port aggregation, which ports should i use for my wired connections?	The following figures are maximum # of nodes you can add to a logical network.	0
When testing port aggregation, which ports should i use for my wired connections?	"At 1st page of CD-less installation wizard, you can shoose ""I am an advanced user. I would like to manually configure my new router""."	0
When testing port aggregation, which ports should i use for my wired connections?	When the link is at 10000Mbps, left LED is Green, right LED is off.	0
When there is a new firmware upgrade, will i get a notification?	"When there is a new firmware, the NeoTV Streaming Player prompts the user that there is a newer firmware available when the unit powers up, or wakes up from standby. Please follow the on screen instruction to press the ""red"" remote control button, and then press ""OK"" to perform firmware upgrade."	1
When there is a new firmware upgrade, will i get a notification?	For this to work, the PC must be directly connected to one of the 4 Ethernet ports on the	0
When there is a new firmware upgrade, will i get a notification?	You can use a web browser to access the unit and change its settings. You can access it in one of two ways from a web browser: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) or [http://routerlogin.net](http://routerlogin.net). The login name is “admin” (without the double quotes) and the password is “password” (without the double quotes).	0
When there is a new firmware upgrade, will i get a notification?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
When there is a new firmware upgrade, will i get a notification?	You can control the NTV550 from your PC or any connected device with a Web browser:	0
When there is a new firmware upgrade, will i get a notification?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information. We know some antivirus tool might affect the network adapter installation and you need to stop it before installing the adapter.	0
Whenever i play videos from the eva8000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	One possible cause is the TV and the EVA8000 are on two different ground planes, which can cause the hissing sound through the speakers. To correct this purchase a power strip with a surge suppressor and plug both the TV and the EVA8000 into this strip. Both devices will now be using the same ground plane and the hissing or buzzing should go away.	1
Whenever i play videos from the eva8000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	The AirCard Smart Cradle is compatible with AirCard 790S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced II), AirCard 785S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra Pre-Paid 4G My Pocket Wi-Fi Ultimate), AirCard 782S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced), and any Future NETGEAR AirCard Mobile Hotspots.	0
Whenever i play videos from the eva8000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
Whenever i play videos from the eva8000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Whenever i play videos from the eva8000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	When browsing a song, the UI shows a different length compared to what is shown on the Now Playing screen. This is due to the audio browser showing the song length that was read from the audio file's ID3 tag data. The Now Playing screen actually calculates the duration of the song.	0
Whenever i play videos from the eva8000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	The WNDR4500 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	0
Whenever i play videos from the eva9000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	One possible cause is the TV and the EVA9000 are on two different ground planes, which can cause the hissing sound through the speakers. To correct this purchase a power strip with a surge suppressor and plug both the TV and the EVA9000 into this strip. Both devices will now be using the same ground plane and the hissing or buzzing should go away.	1
Whenever i play videos from the eva9000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	When you enable the Guest Network feature on the WNR2000v3, the Guest Network SSID group will work as an isolated network. It will only allow wireless devices under this SSID group to access Internet and block access to any devices on your local home network. There is an option “Allow guest to access My Local Network” if you want visitors to access your local home network. We also recommend that you configure a security mode and passphrase for your Guest Network different from your primary wireless network as an added security.	0
Whenever i play videos from the eva9000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	The M6100-3S chassis supports a maximum of 144 RJ45 10/100/1000 ports, or 120 SFP 100/1000 ports, or 72 RJ45 10GBASE-T ports, or 48 SFP+ 1000/10GBASE-X ports, or a combination.	0
Whenever i play videos from the eva9000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	Yes, the PL1000 support QoS (it will leave the packets untouched keeping the prioritization).	0
Whenever i play videos from the eva9000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Whenever i play videos from the eva9000 to my tv i hear a low buzz or hiss from the tv speakers, what causes this and how can i fix it?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode and your PC pops up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Where are the antennas of wn802t-200?	There are three internal antennas inside the case of WN802T-200. The fixed orientations of the antennas are designed to give the optimal performance. There is no need to fiddle with external antennas for better reception and transmission.	1
Where are the antennas of wn802t-200?	The D7000 has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side and right side of the modem router respectively.	0
Where are the antennas of wn802t-200?	No, it supports both 1G and 10Gbps.	0
Where are the antennas of wn802t-200?	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Where are the antennas of wn802t-200?	"No, ReadyNAS Vault is not a high availability solution. It is meant as a ""disaster recovery solution."" With ReadyNAS Vault, any individual file or set of files can be downloaded on ad hoc basis, as long as your data set is recent enough, you can access files without having to wait for a full local system recovery."	0
Where are the antennas of wn802t-200?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Where are the wps button and wireless on/off button on the wndr3400 v3?	Unlike the WNDR3400 V2 that uses the dome for enabling WPS and the Wireless On/Off switch is on the back, WNDR3400 V3's WPS button is at the top beside the Wireless On/Off button.	1
Where are the wps button and wireless on/off button on the wndr3400 v3?	* Move WN31000RP closer to your router.	0
Where are the wps button and wireless on/off button on the wndr3400 v3?	Use this method if you have a wireless router or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
Where are the wps button and wireless on/off button on the wndr3400 v3?	No, the cable router should automatically be provisioned by the service provider. Please contact your service provider if the unit is unable to connect online.	0
Where are the wps button and wireless on/off button on the wndr3400 v3?	No. D1500 does not support function such as parental control, QoS, and etc. So, these functions will not work on the Desktop genie. However, some basic functions such as changing SSID/password will still work.	0
Where are the wps button and wireless on/off button on the wndr3400 v3?	No, the DM200 VDSL modem does not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
Where can i download software updates for m6100 chassis switch series?	The M6100 series technical documentation and firmware updates can be found here: [http://support.netgear.com/for_business/default.aspx](http://support.netgear.com/for_business/default.aspx)	1
Where can i download software updates for m6100 chassis switch series?	During installation via the Web genie, JNR3210/JMR3000 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check for the latest firmware on the website every time you log into the GUI.	0
Where can i download software updates for m6100 chassis switch series?	Type in http://192.168.0.1/ in an Internet browser on a PC or Mac connected to one of the device’s 4 Ethernet ports, or connected via Wireless to the device. The URL is the factory default settings. If you change this IP setting in GUI page “LAN IP”, please record your change so that you would know the IP to access GUI page. In case, you forgot your change, you can reset the unit to factory default settings, and then access GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
Where can i download software updates for m6100 chassis switch series?	WNDA3100 can be configured to work at certain speed and certain frequency. The option is available via the NETGEAR Smart Wizard’s advance option on the network tab for the network adapter.	0
Where can i download software updates for m6100 chassis switch series?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connections.	0
Where can i download software updates for m6100 chassis switch series?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001 and XAV1004. It is not compatible with XET1001, XE104, XE102 or HDX101.	0
Where can i find information about updating my wireless display?	Go to [http://www.intel.com/go/wirelessdisplayupdate](http://www.intel.com/go/wirelessdisplayupdate).	1
Where can i find information about updating my wireless display?	"PR2000 adopts one single channel that act as an ""Access Point"" and ""Wireless client"" at the same time when enabled to Hotspot mode. Theoretically, the throughput will be cut in half when compared to wireless throughput of PR2000 in Router mode."	0
Where can i find information about updating my wireless display?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	0
Where can i find information about updating my wireless display?	3G: HSPA / UMTS @ 2100MHz and 2G: GSM / GPRS / EDGE @ 850/900/ 1800/1900MHz	0
Where can i find information about updating my wireless display?	All our adapters support WPA2-enterprise. You'll need to use windows utility to use this feature. Microsoft is the 801.1x supplicant.	0
Where can i find information about updating my wireless display?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
Where can i find more info about the  netgear  g enie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	Additional info can be found at [NETGEAR genie](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	1
Where can i find more info about the  netgear  g enie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB2001 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Where can i find more info about the  netgear  g enie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	* [How to diagnose backup job failures on a ReadyNAS OS 6 system](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29829)	0
Where can i find more info about the  netgear  g enie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	You can have more than one Extender connection to your Router network, however you cannot daisy chain your additional Extenders. Daisy chaining is not officially supported and will affect performance for client devices connected to the second Extender in the chain.	0
Where can i find more info about the  netgear  g enie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	The power consumption of XAV2001 is 4 Watts in 110V AC and 5 Watts in 220V AC .	0
Where can i find more info about the  netgear  g enie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	The default IP Address of WNDR3400v3 is 192.168.1.1 and the login credentials are admin for default username and the default password is password.	0
Where can i find more info about the netgear genie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	Additional info and utility can be found at [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	1
Where can i find more info about the netgear genie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	During normal operation, the XAV2501 automatically goes into power saving mode when the Ethernet link is down for 10 minutes. When in power saving mode, the XAV2501 leaves power saving mode when the Ethernet link is back.	0
Where can i find more info about the netgear genie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet.	0
Where can i find more info about the netgear genie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	"1. If you run ""NETGEAR"" GUI, you can see a instruction graph to guide you where the Push Button is by clicking WPS AP from “Networks” page of NTGR GUI or clicking “Join a Network” button."	0
Where can i find more info about the netgear genie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at g&b mode, WEP, WPA-PSK[TKIP], WPA2-PSK[AES], WPA-802.1x and WPA2-802.1x are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 130Mbps or Up to 270Mbps, the only wireless security supported now is WPA2-PSK[TKIP] + WPA2-PSK[AES] . For maximum performance WPA2-PSK[AES] should be used.	0
Where can i find more info about the netgear genie features and download the application for my pc & mac?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features - usb storage access and printer?	Additional info can be found at [ReadySHARE](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	1
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features - usb storage access and printer?	Cable gateways offer Internet access at speeds up to 100 times faster than a traditional phone modem. You can experience speeds of over 1,000 Kbps. Due to network condition such as traffic volume and the speed of the sites you visit, actual speed may vary. Many network and other factors can affect download speeds. Please check with service provider to check for actual speed offered.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features - usb storage access and printer?	Yes. This device does support IPv6.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features - usb storage access and printer?	Using a passcode (private network key), it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features - usb storage access and printer?	N450 supports IPv6.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features - usb storage access and printer?	The frequencies used by XAV101 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features- usb storage access and printer?	Additional info can be found at [http://www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	1
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features- usb storage access and printer?	Yes, you need to change your screen display setting to extend mode.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features- usb storage access and printer?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router’s USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features- usb storage access and printer?	NETGEAR will release the firmware upgrade tool on XAV101v2 product page to upgrade the devices to the latest firmware.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features- usb storage access and printer?	Yes, we can play back iTunes music. If you purchased songs on iTunes, you will need to have a Windows PC authorized to play these songs available on your home network when you try to play the protected songs.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features- usb storage access and printer?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and imiproved features to your product.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features-usb storage access and printer?	Additional info can be found at [ReadySHARE](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	1
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features-usb storage access and printer?	Make sure that the base router (the router that the R6250 will connect to) is operational and able to connect wireless devices. Make a note of the following items:  SSID, SECURITY MODE, WIRELESS PASSWORD, OPERATING FREQUENCY (EITHER 2.4 GHZ OR 5 GHZ)	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features-usb storage access and printer?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features-usb storage access and printer?	One possible root cause is because WNDA4100 enters scan mode. You can open “Device Manager”. Select NETGEAR N900 Wireless Dual Band USB adapter device. Then right click and choose “property”. Select Advanced page. You can see a configuration parameter called “Multimedia and gaming mode environment”. You can enable this setting. Turning on this prevents WNDA4100 from going to scan mode too often while WNDA4100 is already connected..	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features-usb storage access and printer?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features-usb storage access and printer?	STP is only applicable on connecting multiple switches to avoid broadcast storms. The router is set as AP and there is no other device connected wired on it that means there will be no loop/s created on setup. Also, STP is a layer 2 protocol which is applicable to switches and not with the routers so that means the WNDR4500 does not have option for STP.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features?	Additional info can be found at [www.netgear.com/readyshare](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare)	1
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features?	Many audio receivers do not support digital audio below 96Kbps, so the workaround is for the user to connect the analog audio outputs of the EVA9000 to the analog inputs of their receiver. Switch the audio receiver to this input when listening to low bitrate audio.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features?	When plugged into a the lower terminal of vertical two socket wall outlet, the PLP1200 may interfere with some, larger plugs. However, almost all 2 prong plugs and many 3 prong plugs will still fit.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features?	Yes.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features?	* None of the LED's light up: If the Power light is off, make sure power is supplied to the electrical outlet, and the PowerLine device is not plugged into an extension cord, power strip, or surge protector.	0
Where can i find more info about the readyshare features?	* Make sure you have added the WN2000RPT MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	0
Where can i find more information about netgear genie and download the application for my pc or mac?	Additional information and utility can be found at [http://www.netgear.com/netgear-genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/netgear-genie.aspx).	1
Where can i find more information about netgear genie and download the application for my pc or mac?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘diagnostics” to get what you need.	0
Where can i find more information about netgear genie and download the application for my pc or mac?	A factory reset can be done by holding the hardware reset button for over 2 seconds or alternatively using the software “Factory Reset” button via Netgear Genie or via WebGUI.	0
Where can i find more information about netgear genie and download the application for my pc or mac?	No. Universal WiFi Range Extender is designed to work as an AP/client bridge, not an access point. Instead, you can connect a computer to the extender by an Ethernet cable. The proper usage of the product is to wirelessly connect the Extender to the existing router—in this case, the Extender functions as a client. On the other end, wirelessly connect the Extender to the PC—in this case, the Extender functions as an access point.	0
Where can i find more information about netgear genie and download the application for my pc or mac?	The NeoTV Streaming Player does not go to standby when the current display is in the channels. The standby/screen saving feature follows individual channel design.	0
Where can i find more information about netgear genie and download the application for my pc or mac?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Where can i find more information about the readyshare printer and usb storage access?	The USB HDD can be accessed by entering the IP address \\192.168.0.5 in the Windows explorer. The USB Hard Drive will show up as ‘storage0’ (The second USB will show up as ‘storage1’). The current Graphical User Interface (GUI) of the initial shipping firmware doesn't provide ReadySHARE information. It will be supported in the next firmware release.	1
Where can i find more information about the readyshare printer and usb storage access?	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change) will be reset to original factory default values.	0
Where can i find more information about the readyshare printer and usb storage access?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Where can i find more information about the readyshare printer and usb storage access?	NETGEAR home routers support PPPoA and PPPoE encapsulation. IPoA (IP over ATM) is not supported.	0
Where can i find more information about the readyshare printer and usb storage access?	A6200 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6200 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6200 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6200 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
Where can i find more information about the readyshare printer and usb storage access?	The power consumption of XAVB6504 is 4.2 Watts in 110V AC and 5.0 Watts in 240V AC.	0
Where can i find more information on m6100 chassis switch series?	Please visit [www.netgear.com/managed](http://www.netgear.com/managed) and [www.netgear.com/m6100](http://www.netgear.com/m6100)	1
Where can i find more information on m6100 chassis switch series?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline Configuration utility.	0
Where can i find more information on m6100 chassis switch series?	[How do I improve write speeds of USB External Drive attached to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21446)	0
Where can i find more information on m6100 chassis switch series?	MP1/2/4, Xvid, VC-1/WMV-9, H.264, OpenDivX all to 1080p.	0
Where can i find more information on m6100 chassis switch series?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Where can i find more information on m6100 chassis switch series?	The frequencies used by XAVB2001 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
Where can i find my activation code?	The activation code is on a label under the battery on the back of the hotspot and on the retail packaging.	1
Where can i find my activation code?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XWN5001 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Where can i find my activation code?	Yes, WNDAP350 supports both bands 5 GHz-a, n/a mode and 2.4 GHz-b, b/g, b/g/n modes.	0
Where can i find my activation code?	RN3138 replaces the RN3130. RN3138 includes a faster CPU and double the RAM of the RN3130.	0
Where can i find my activation code?	Factory reset can be accomplished by holding the hardware reset button for over two seconds or using the software Factory Reset button via the NETGEAR genie app or NETGEAR genie web user interface.	0
Where can i find my activation code?	The default URL is [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://www.mywifiext.net) or [http://www.mywifiext.com](http://www.mywifiext.com). Before you access this URL, you have to connect your PC to WN2500RP first.	0
Where can i find the kwgr614's source code?	NETGEAR publishes the open source code on the web site see [NETGEAR open source code for programmers (GPL)](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/2649)	1
Where can i find the kwgr614's source code?	Yes. Even if your laptop has sound muted, the sound for the media you are playing will play on your TV.	0
Where can i find the kwgr614's source code?	By default, the R7300 router and DST6501 use the same DST encryption key, so they can automatically connect. Log into the router to update the DST adapter settings.	0
Where can i find the kwgr614's source code?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Where can i find the kwgr614's source code?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connection, by design.	0
Where can i find the kwgr614's source code?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Where can i find troubleshooting information for my range extender?	For troubleshooting guidance on various NETGEAR models, see [Troubleshooting NETGEAR WiFi Range Extenders](https://kb.netgear.com/25731/Troubleshooting-NETGEAR-WiFi-Range-Extenders).	1
Where can i find troubleshooting information for my range extender?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004, XAV1601, XAV1401, XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
Where can i find troubleshooting information for my range extender?	1. If the LED of WNCE3001 shows red color, please follow FAQ#2 above.	0
Where can i find troubleshooting information for my range extender?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Where can i find troubleshooting information for my range extender?	8 internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Where can i find troubleshooting information for my range extender?	TCP connections is also limited by the PC. In reality, it does not matter how many concurrent sessions the router can support. If the PC cannot support enough sessions, regardless of how many sessions the router can support, that number can never be reached. The limitation on the PC is always a lot less that what the router can support.	0
Where can i find videos on range extender setup?	See the following YouTube videos for range extender setup and installation:	1
Where can i find videos on range extender setup?	Yes, the PL1000 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
Where can i find videos on range extender setup?	No. This cannot be configured on home routers.	0
Where can i find videos on range extender setup?	Yes, the Digital Entertainer comes bundled with Microsoft Windows Media Connect, which can serve various media files for playback on the Digital Entertainer.	0
Where can i find videos on range extender setup?	Yes. 2 skins are included by default, and others can be added to the data save location and loaded onto the EVA.	0
Where can i find videos on range extender setup?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	0
Where can i get support for my aroundtown hotspot?	For all product and data/credit top up enquiries, please visit the dedicated AroundTown website at the following link:	1
Where can i get support for my aroundtown hotspot?	The switch running PV(R)STP transmits IEEE standard spanning tree BPDUs along with SSTP BPDUs. SSTP BPDUs are PV(R)STP dedicated BPDUs.	0
Where can i get support for my aroundtown hotspot?	NETGEAR home routers can block services and domain names but not the actual port.	0
Where can i get support for my aroundtown hotspot?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Where can i get support for my aroundtown hotspot?	We suggest you always use the latest firmware available. The newest firmware has the most up to date features and will be the most stable version available.	0
Where can i get support for my aroundtown hotspot?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
Where can i purchase the c6300 cable modem router?	Retail: Best Buy, Frys, Staples, Office Depot	1
Where can i purchase the c6300 cable modem router?	Multi PVC talks about triple play deployment of ADSL2+, VOIP and IPTV. Our home gateways does not support IPTV yet.	0
Where can i purchase the c6300 cable modem router?	No, the PR2000 does not support this feature.	0
Where can i purchase the c6300 cable modem router?	PVSTP is based on 802.1s and PVRSTP is based on 802.1w. When a switch running PVRSTP receives PVSTP BPDU, then the switch falls back to the lower version (PVSTP) after its migration-delay timer expires.	0
Where can i purchase the c6300 cable modem router?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Where can i purchase the c6300 cable modem router?	Very easy!	0
Where does readynas vault store my data?	ReadyNAS Vault stores your offsite in the Cloud. It is maintained (at a minimum) on multiple devices across several facilities in a system designed to protect the loss of data in one of the facilities, so that even large-scale natural disasters do not pose a threat to the integrity and security of user data. While we do not disclose the exact locations of the facilities, our technical team partners with Amazon Web Services to utilize their physical infrastructure. For more info, see [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208282596-Where-is-my-account-data-physically-stored- ](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208282596-Where-is-my-account-data-physically-stored-Â )	1
Where does readynas vault store my data?	By default setting, EX7000 use the same password as your home network. You need log into the router to get the password. If you change EX7000's password during Smart Setup, EX7000 don't have interface to let you view the password. Thus we suggest you redo the EX7000 Smart Setup to configure EX7000 again.	0
Where does readynas vault store my data?	Quality of Service (QOS) is built in RANGEMAX which prioritizes the traffic based on different applications such as VOIP, Video and Gaming. It automatically assigns the right priority to the top applications customers use.	0
Where does readynas vault store my data?	 No. The only change you can apply to the extender is its SSID.	0
Where does readynas vault store my data?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Where does readynas vault store my data?	Yes, the XAV5001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
Where is the gpl code for the tv tuner scheduling feature located?	The GPL code is on our GPL page.	1
Where is the gpl code for the tv tuner scheduling feature located?	"Due to Internet bandwidth and quality of the Internet connection, Flingo channels sometimes displays ""error 101"" error messages at the bottom of the display. Please increase the Internet bandwidth or improve the quality of Internet connection when this message appears."	0
Where is the gpl code for the tv tuner scheduling feature located?	4G LTE Broadband is currently available in many major cities and airports nationwide, and will continue to expand service to cities and towns across the US. To see current availability, check the [Coverage Map](http://network4g.verizonwireless.com/#/coverage).	0
Where is the gpl code for the tv tuner scheduling feature located?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
Where is the gpl code for the tv tuner scheduling feature located?	The frequencies used by XAV5201 are in the range of 2MHz to 68MHz.	0
Where is the gpl code for the tv tuner scheduling feature located?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Where is the wps (wi-fi protected setup) button?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. PR2000 doesn’t have physical WPS button, but support software WPS function thru the GUI. Whenever users want to activate WPS process, it is available by visiting www.routerlogin.net when connected to the PR2000 network.	1
Where is the wps (wi-fi protected setup) button?	Sometimes the spotlight channels do not work due to the channel partner having revised their web site. We will keep monitoring and improving the channels to minimize the effects of these changes.	0
Where is the wps (wi-fi protected setup) button?	The default login name (case-sensitive) is  ADMIN and the default login password (case-sensitive) is  PASSWORD.	0
Where is the wps (wi-fi protected setup) button?	1. Log into the modem using the steps above. The NETGEAR genie home screen displays.	0
Where is the wps (wi-fi protected setup) button?	The antenna design is best for A6210 while it opens with 90o when directly plugged into computer or 158 o with cradle. This can have the best performance.	0
Where is the wps (wi-fi protected setup) button?	1. Make sure your AP not legacy 11b/g, this kind of AP have no enough bandwidth to support HD play.	0
Where is verizon wireless 4g lte broadband service available?	4G LTE Broadband is currently available in many major cities and airports nationwide, and will continue to expand service to cities and towns across the US. To see current availability, check the [Coverage Map](http://network4g.verizonwireless.com/#/coverage).	1
Where is verizon wireless 4g lte broadband service available?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Where is verizon wireless 4g lte broadband service available?	The table below describes the Test LED (the second LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	0
Where is verizon wireless 4g lte broadband service available?	A switch running PV(R)STP can communicate with a switch running IEEE standard spanning tree protocol.	0
Where is verizon wireless 4g lte broadband service available?	If you do not have ReadyCLOUD account, you can use an existing MyNETGEAR.com account or create a MyNETGEAR.com account to use the ReadyCLOUD service.	0
Where is verizon wireless 4g lte broadband service available?	Yes all the products will be available worldwide in a phased manner.	0
Where should i place my mobile hotspot to improve signal strength?	* Keep 1-2m away from electronics that generate RF interference (e.g., microwave, TV, phone)	1
Where should i place my mobile hotspot to improve signal strength?	* Press the Security button of the XAV2602 unit for more than 2 seconds then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink.	0
Where should i place my mobile hotspot to improve signal strength?	Yes, region can be changed.	0
Where should i place my mobile hotspot to improve signal strength?	Yes, JGS524E supports port auto negotiation for speed and duplex mode.	0
Where should i place my mobile hotspot to improve signal strength?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Where should i place my mobile hotspot to improve signal strength?	Unfortunately, the WNDR4500 does not support jumbo frames.	0
Where should i place my range extender?	The ideal location to place the Extender is half-way between your wireless router and your computer, but the extender MUST be within the wireless range of the wireless router. For more information, see [Where should I place my NETGEAR WiFi range extender?](https://kb.netgear.com/25508/Where-should-I-place-my-NETGEAR-Wi-Fi-range-extender) and [How far should I place my Nighthawk X6S Tri-Band WiFi Range Extender from my router?](https://kb.netgear.com/000045828/How-far-should-I-place-my-Nighthawk-X6S-Tri-Band-WiFi-Range-Extender-from-my-router).	1
Where should i place my range extender?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline AV utility.	0
Where should i place my range extender?	After you have successfully setup the WNR2000v2 to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	0
Where should i place my range extender?	Yes.	0
Where should i place my range extender?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Where should i place my range extender?	Yes. Just log in to your Arlo account, click  ADD DEVICE, and follow the instructions.	0
Which bands does ac327u support?	3G: HSPA / UMTS @ 2100MHz and 2G: GSM / GPRS @ 900/ 1800MHz	1
Which bands does ac327u support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Which bands does ac327u support?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
Which bands does ac327u support?	Launch NETGEAR | AirCard Mobile Broadband genie. In main page, click on ‘settings’ icon. In the settings page, click on ‘statistics” to get what you need.	0
Which bands does ac327u support?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to Airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an Airplay ready device, such as Apple TV or Airplay ready receivers.	0
Which bands does ac327u support?	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	0
Which bands does ac329u support?	3G: HSPA / UMTS @ 2100MHz and 2G: GSM / GPRS / EDGE @ 850/900/ 1800/1900MHz	1
Which bands does ac329u support?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection. But the Ethernet port and ADSL cannot be used simultaneously as Internet connections.	0
Which bands does ac329u support?	No, the PL1200 does not support QoS.	0
Which bands does ac329u support?	By default setting, EX6200 use the same password as your home network. You need log into the router to get the password. If you change EX6200's password during Smart Setup, EX6200 don't have interface to let you view the password. Thus we suggest you redo the EX6200 Smart Setup to configure EX6200 again.	0
Which bands does ac329u support?	Yes, the PL1000 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
Which bands does ac329u support?	This is a current limitation and we'll release future firmware to make it work. On the other	0
Which chipset does ac327u use?	Qualcomm MSM6290	1
Which chipset does ac327u use?	User can configure Port LED, Port Mirroring, VLAN, QoS, Rate Limit, IGMP Snooping and Broadcast Storm Filtering.	0
Which chipset does ac327u use?	The NeoTV Streaming Player does not go to standby when the current display is in the channels. The standby/screen saving feature follows individual channel design.	0
Which chipset does ac327u use?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives. The Nighthawk X6 might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R8000 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
Which chipset does ac327u use?	We recommend the following Netgear SFP modules:	0
Which chipset does ac327u use?	Yes, WPN824N is workable under Mac OS, and you may access Internet without problem via browser Safari 1.4 higher version.	0
Which chipset does ac329u use?	Qualcomm 8200A	1
Which chipset does ac329u use?	DGND3700 automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the Internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
Which chipset does ac329u use?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac, mkv and a few other container / tag formats. For containers without native tag support a separate .TAG file can be created which contains an ID3 format tag for the corresponding file.	0
Which chipset does ac329u use?	The Power LED should be blinking (amber) during firmware upgrade. After firmware upgrade is done and boots up the system, it changes to steady amber color, and then change to solid white when finish the system boot up.Please DO NOT power off or reboot the device during firmware upgrade, otherwise, it may result to a corrupt firmware and cause the device not to work.	0
Which chipset does ac329u use?	Yes, the XAVB5501 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
Which chipset does ac329u use?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
Which media devices do wnhdeb111 and wnhde111 work with?	The networking kit (WNHDEB111) or the single unit (WNHDE111) either in Access Point or Bridge mode will work with any 5 GHz Wireless-N enabled devices or Ethernet enabled device like Xbox, PlayStation, Wii , TiVo HD, Slingbox, digital set-top boxes, NETGEAR’s Digital Entertainer HD, Apple TV, network attached storage (NAS), and more.	1
Which media devices do wnhdeb111 and wnhde111 work with?	The NeoTV Streaming Player connects to the Internet through your home network using either a wireless connection or, if you prefer, an Ethernet cable. For wireless connections, the NeoTV Streaming Player follows the Wi-Fi standard and is compatible with 802.11b, 802.11g and 802.11n networks -- the most common WiFi networks, depending on your specific model. The NeoTV Streaming Player also supports wireless security, including WEP, WPA and WPA2.	0
Which media devices do wnhdeb111 and wnhde111 work with?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Which media devices do wnhdeb111 and wnhde111 work with?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connection, by design.	0
Which media devices do wnhdeb111 and wnhde111 work with?	None. It is recommended to use a universal remote control that uses NEC protocol.	0
Which media devices do wnhdeb111 and wnhde111 work with?	* The best performance is delivered when both the Link Rate LED and the PC to Booster Connection LED are green.	0
Which mobile hotspots is the dc113a compatible with?	The DC113A cradle works with the following devices:	1
Which mobile hotspots is the dc113a compatible with?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 300Mbps link rate.	0
Which mobile hotspots is the dc113a compatible with?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Which mobile hotspots is the dc113a compatible with?	If you do not own a ReadyCLOUD-enabled device, you must follow these steps:	0
Which mobile hotspots is the dc113a compatible with?	"In general, NETGEAR wireless extenders are ""universal"" extenders. This means that they are compatible with the vast majority of wireless routers on the market, whether purchased separately or provided by an ISP."	0
Which mobile hotspots is the dc113a compatible with?	We do not support the EVA as a NAS. You'll find the EVA's server performance is not up to par with actual NAS devices. The hard drive option is provided for the following purposes:	0
Which mobile operators is the ac762s compatible with?	The AC762S is designed to be compatible with any 3G / 4G mobile operator in France, Italy, Germany, and UK. Interoperability testing has been completed with the following operators:	1
Which mobile operators is the ac762s compatible with?	The default IP address is 192.168.5.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default credentials “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
Which mobile operators is the ac762s compatible with?	No; your device will work even if you do not register, but you will not be able to open a support ticket with our technical support team unless you register. If you have not registered, you can still download firmware updates and manuals, and search the technical knowledge base, on the NETGEAR support website : [http://support.netgear.com](http://support.netgear.com)	0
Which mobile operators is the ac762s compatible with?	 DO NOT power off or reboot the router during the firmware update, otherwise it may corrupt the firmware and render the router inoperable.	0
Which mobile operators is the ac762s compatible with?	This depends on the memory available on the router. For example, if you have other features enabled like address reservation, firewall rules, it will add up to the capacity on how many entries you can do for port forwarding.	0
Which mobile operators is the ac762s compatible with?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Which mobile operators is the aircard 785 compatible with?	AirCard 785 is unlocked for use with networks worldwide; the AirCard 785 supports the following 4G/LTE networks with the following frequency bands 800/900/1800/2100/2600 MHz in EU, parts of Southeast Asia and 3G networks with following frequency bands 850/900/1900/2100 MHz worldwide.	1
Which mobile operators is the aircard 785 compatible with?	Yes. This device does support IPv6. There is option in the GUI to choose LAN side IPv6 mode. By default IPv6 mode is set to auto-config which supports majority of the IPv6 capable devices. If you choose DHCPv6, some of your devices may not be able to support IPv6.	0
Which mobile operators is the aircard 785 compatible with?	Windows Media Connect (at this time) doesn’t allow for streaming of M4A (AAC) files, so if you want to play these files on Media Connect (or Windows Media Center), you’ll need to convert them to MP3 files.	0
Which mobile operators is the aircard 785 compatible with?	The max power consumption of PL1000 is 3.73 Watts. In standby mode it is 0.49W	0
Which mobile operators is the aircard 785 compatible with?	First you need to know if the telephone service is provided to you through digital VoIP (Voice over IP).If the telephone service is provided to you via VoIP, you need to use the Gateway Router from the service provider.An easy way to tell is by looking at the Gateway Router from the Service Provider and see if there is a phone jack to the phone (as opposed to the phone jack to the wall).	0
Which mobile operators is the aircard 785 compatible with?	"Please delete the WN111v2?.exe process in task manager and click ""Ignore"" to continue the installation."	0
Which netgear devices support beamforming+? and when will beamforming+ be available on these devices?	R6300 Wi-Fi Router and A6200 USB Wi-Fi adapter support Beamforming+ through firmware upgrade. R6200, R6250, D6300 & D6200 also support Beamforming+. Firmware upgrades are available now. Beamforming+ is enabled by default.	1
Which netgear devices support beamforming+? and when will beamforming+ be available on these devices?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
Which netgear devices support beamforming+? and when will beamforming+ be available on these devices?	You can use Web browser to configure it. Besides, there is a ProSAFE Plus Utility in the resource CD that comes with the device. You can install it on a MS-Window-based PC to configure it.	0
Which netgear devices support beamforming+? and when will beamforming+ be available on these devices?	Customers must use the AC762S with an active SIM card which can be purchased from a mobile operator in your country. Data plan fees apply, and are sold directly by the mobile operator.	0
Which netgear devices support beamforming+? and when will beamforming+ be available on these devices?	The R7300 DST comes with a 1 year warranty which is handled by GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for warranty assistance.	0
Which netgear devices support beamforming+? and when will beamforming+ be available on these devices?	The D1500 has the most essential features that allow you to connect to the Internet by ADSL and share that Internet connection among your multiple devices, by wire and by WiFi.	0
Which netgear genie supports the pl1000?	NETGEAR genie 2.4.16 or later, for Windows.	1
Which netgear genie supports the pl1000?	The wireless device’s MAC Address will be translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the WN2500RP. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not able to get IP address from WN2500RP. You have to add the translated MAC address into the router to allow this wireless device to access Internet.	0
Which netgear genie supports the pl1000?	Yes it is compatible.	0
Which netgear genie supports the pl1000?	When you start the installation R7300DST through genie, be sure to plug the DST6501 into the wall power outlet. This ensures the DST network between the R7300 and DST6501 is connected successfully.	0
Which netgear genie supports the pl1000?	Yes, M6100 Chassis Switch provides the admin with two differentiated methods (in-band and out-of-band) for Telnet, SSH and Web GUI network access. For security, the admin can decide to allow or restrict any of these two methods. Out-of-band management is possible through the dedicated OOB RJ45 10/100/1000 port on the front of any I/O blades ((XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) when inserted in Supervisor Slot-1 (default). A second connection is recommended through OOB port on the blade inserted in Back-up Supervisor slot (Slot-2 by default) in case of failover. If OOB restriction is not a requirement, in-band management can be also available from any network port from any slot: Management ACLs are available to restrict which port(s) can reach M6100 CPU in that case.	0
Which netgear genie supports the pl1000?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the extender. To allow the wireless device to connect, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
Which netgear genie supports the plw1000?	NETGEAR genie 2.4.16 or later, for Windows.	1
Which netgear genie supports the plw1000?	No; your existing adapter will work with a Wireless-N router, but you will not experience the best performance.To get the most out of a Wireless-N router, upgrade your computers and laptops to Wireless-N adapters.	0
Which netgear genie supports the plw1000?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Which netgear genie supports the plw1000?	When the power light is on, you can push and hold the reset button at the real panel for 2 seconds and then release the button. Do NOT hold the button for more than 10 seconds, and that will cause the router to restore to the factory default.	0
Which netgear genie supports the plw1000?	The EVA8000 can access your PC, Mac, Linux or NAS servers directly. The EVA8000 doesn't require ANY UPnP server (except for DRM content) and we recommend that you do not use UPnP, since this will be slower and make several features not work as well.	0
Which netgear genie supports the plw1000?	NETGEAR does not have powerline adapters that uses power over Ethernet.	0
Which netgear nas devices will work with the r8500 port aggregation feature?	All of our NETGEAR ReadyNAS devices with two Ethernet ports such as model RN100/200/300/500/700 desktops series and ReadyNAS RN2000/3000/4000 rack-mount series support port aggregation. Other 3rd party storage devices that supports link aggregation will work as well.	1
Which netgear nas devices will work with the r8500 port aggregation feature?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Which netgear nas devices will work with the r8500 port aggregation feature?	D6000 supports full 802.11b/g/n on 2.4 GHz band and 802.11 a/n/ac on the 5GHz band.	0
Which netgear nas devices will work with the r8500 port aggregation feature?	"1. Locate the ""Reset"" button on the rear panel of the modem."	0
Which netgear nas devices will work with the r8500 port aggregation feature?	The initial graphics driver that shipped with the vendor laptops(version 8.15.10.1995) has a known issue where the video will flicker. This has been fixed by the graphics team in the later builds. Please download latest graphics driver update from the laptop vendors web site.	0
Which netgear nas devices will work with the r8500 port aggregation feature?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands (1x 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100?	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide the best performance when using WNA3100.	1
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100?	* [How do I create a ReadyNAS Vault Account?](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/articles/208283016-Register-for-a-ReadyNAS-Vault-Account)	0
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100?	" The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, see [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100?	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	0
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some service providers require that you subscribe to a basic TV service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100?	* D6200(B) supports FAT, FAT32, NTFS, ext2, and ext3 filesystem. If your USB drive filesystem is not in the support list, D6200(B) cannot recognize this. Please format your USB drive to FAT32 or NTFS.	0
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100m?	Any of the 802.11n wireless router or access point from NETGEAR will provide best performance with WNA3100M.	1
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100m?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7/Win8's AutoConfig (XP's Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	0
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100m?	Windows XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you do not have SP service pack 2, please install service pack 2 to your computer. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard), then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100m?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3700.	0
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100m?	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	0
Which netgear wireless router will provide the best performance using wna3100m?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Which poe standards are supported by xcm89p and xcm89up daughter cards?	XCM89P daughter card supports PoE (802.3af) and PoE+ (802.3at).	1
Which poe standards are supported by xcm89p and xcm89up daughter cards?	Yes, the Night Vision Camera is compatible with the Outdoor Shell (VZMS2050, sold separately.)	0
Which poe standards are supported by xcm89p and xcm89up daughter cards?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Which poe standards are supported by xcm89p and xcm89up daughter cards?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
Which poe standards are supported by xcm89p and xcm89up daughter cards?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Which poe standards are supported by xcm89p and xcm89up daughter cards?	The XAVB5602 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web site, if any.	0
Which readycloud-enabled devices does this migration affect?	This migration affects all ReadyNAS storage systems and the following Nighthawk routers:	1
Which readycloud-enabled devices does this migration affect?	Please visit [www.netgear.com/managed](http://www.netgear.com/managed) and [www.netgear.com/m6100](http://www.netgear.com/m6100)	0
Which readycloud-enabled devices does this migration affect?	Push ’N’ Connect is an easy way to connect your wireless devices to the router without remembering passwords and SSIDs. DGN1000 supports WiFi Protected Setup (WPS), a WiFi Alliance standard specification which enables Push ‘N’Connect. You need to have a WPS enabled Wireless-N client or adapter like WN111v2 for Push ’N’ Connect to work with DGN1000.	0
Which readycloud-enabled devices does this migration affect?	* The update process is completed when the onscreen progress bar completes. During the firmware update, the Power LED blinks amber. After the firmware update is done, the router restarts and the Power LED illuminates solid amber.	0
Which readycloud-enabled devices does this migration affect?	No, the WMA Lossless is a completely different codec from normal WMA codec.	0
Which readycloud-enabled devices does this migration affect?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Which readynas models are supported?	ReadyNAS Vault comes pre-installed on most ReadyNAS models running RAIDiator 4.2, RAIDiator 5.3, or ReadyNAS OS 6. If you are unable to determine if your model is supported, please visit [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started) or contact us via [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/requests/new](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/requests/new).	1
Which readynas models are supported?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601 and XAV1401 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
Which readynas models are supported?	The power consumption of XAV5001 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 5.4 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Which readynas models are supported?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	0
Which readynas models are supported?	Please make sure you have install service pack 2 or higher on your computer. XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Config is in used to configure your wireless adapter (rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard) , then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Which readynas models are supported?	Your router needs to do lots of computation to provide you with detailed real time bandwidth statistics for each connected device and applications running on them. To minimize the impact on other router features and functionalities, it is designed to provide statistics on a request/update basis. Please click the  REFRESH button on  ATTACHED DEVICES page to update your bandwidth statistics.	0
Which stores and online sites will carry the r6300 wi-fi 802.11ac router?	NETGEAR R6300 Wi-Fi 802.11ac Router will be available across various retail and online stores. Please visit the links below for the list:	1
Which stores and online sites will carry the r6300 wi-fi 802.11ac router?	Yes, it will work with your current wireless products as Wireless-N is backward compatible to older generation Wireless-G. It is recommended that you upgrade your Wireless-G based notebooks and Desktops to Wireless-N by using a Wireless-N Adapter.	0
Which stores and online sites will carry the r6300 wi-fi 802.11ac router?	"* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Restore Factory Settings"" button located on the rear panel of the router for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber."	0
Which stores and online sites will carry the r6300 wi-fi 802.11ac router?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually enter a security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, SSID and strong Wi-Fi Protected Access (WPA) data encryption/authentication is automatically configured.	0
Which stores and online sites will carry the r6300 wi-fi 802.11ac router?	We recommend that you use the USB cable and power adapter that came with your Arlo Q camera. Different USB cables or power adaptors might not be able to provide stable or enough power to Arlo Q.	0
Which stores and online sites will carry the r6300 wi-fi 802.11ac router?	ReadySHARE USB Storage Access allows you to share the content of a hard disk or memory stick connected to the XAU2511 USB port across your home network.	0
Which version of netgear genie supports the pl1000?	NETGEAR Windows Genie 2.4.16 or later	1
Which version of netgear genie supports the pl1000?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Which version of netgear genie supports the pl1000?	DGND3700 automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the Internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
Which version of netgear genie supports the pl1000?	One unique way ReadyNAS can help businesses is by providing constant access to your secure data from anywhere. Everyone is familiar with cloud solutions hosted on the internet. Consumers use free services from Google, Microsoft, Apple for email, backup, calendaring, etc. But for businesses those solutions can be very expensive. There are also concerns over security and privacy. With ReadyNAS all the data is hosted on your device, but you can access your data through mobile applications or the ReadyCLOUD portal. Each solution will create a secure VPN-like tunnel directly to your ReadyNAS. Now you can access your data with the ease of the cloud without any of the concerns of using a 3rd party to host your data.	0
Which version of netgear genie supports the pl1000?	The R6100 WiFi Router has a USB 2.0 port on the back.	0
Which version of netgear genie supports the pl1000?	The XAV5201 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
Which version of netgear genie supports the plw1000?	NETGEAR Windows Genie 2.4.16 or later.	1
Which version of netgear genie supports the plw1000?	NETGEAR recommends a maximum of 300 feet of cable between the root node and the coax outlet.	0
Which version of netgear genie supports the plw1000?	Ensure the USB drive is formatted to one of the following supported file system types: ext2/ext3/ext4/FAT/FAT32/NTFS/HFS/HFS+. The USB HDD can be accessed by entering the IP address \\192.168.0.5 in the Windows explorer. The USB Hard Drive will show up as ‘storage0’ (The second USB will show up as ‘storage1’).	0
Which version of netgear genie supports the plw1000?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Which version of netgear genie supports the plw1000?	* Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
Which version of netgear genie supports the plw1000?	The default login name (case-sensitive) is  ADMIN and the default login password (case-sensitive) is  PASSWORD.	0
Which wifi router should i use for best performance?	Any wireless router will work with the WNCE4004. To get optimal WiFi performance we recommend using a router with comparable WiFi speed. In this case, a router that supports WiFi speed of 450 Mbps on the 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless band or better.	1
Which wifi router should i use for best performance?	No. XAVB5101 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Which wifi router should i use for best performance?	If you powered on the hotspot before activating it, do the following:	0
Which wifi router should i use for best performance?	Yes. It is now added on firmware version 1.0.0.46. It can be seen under Device Mode on Advanced setup.	0
Which wifi router should i use for best performance?	Some approaches may help you to get a higher link rate and throughput in your environment:	0
Which wifi router should i use for best performance?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that only the music files are supported.	0
Which wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA3100. Please make sure to have the latest firmware and drivers for the products.	1
Which wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100?	If you use 11n wireless adapters to connect with R6250, the maximum connection speed is the same as to connect with 11n wireless router. For example, by 1x1 11n wireless adapter, you could get maximum 150Mbps link rate, and by 2x2 or 3x3 11n wireless adapter, the maximum link rate is 300Mbps at 2.4GHz. We recommend using 11ac Wi-Fi capable wireless adapters to use with R6250; such as NETGEAR A6200 wireless adapter.	0
Which wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100?	Yes, the XAVB5001 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Which wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Which wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100?	DGND3700v2 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Which wireless router will provide the best performance with wnda3100?	The frequencies used by XAVB6504 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Which wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	If you are connecting to the 5 GHz network, Intel Wireless Display will not work. Intel Wireless Display is compatible with any 2.4 GHz WiFi Router. If your router supports both 2.4 and 5 GHz, connect the laptop to the 2.4 GHz wireless network.	1
Which wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	 Yes, the NeoTV Prime uses Google TV, which uses the android platform. For more information on Google TV, you can go to the Google Developers sit at https://developers.google.com/tv/faq .	0
Which wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	Yes. After inserting the new drive, you can access the Stora interface and select JBOD or RAID1 to fully configure the new drive. As always, it is recommended to backup your data first just in case.	0
Which wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	* Press the reset button on the button until the Power light blinks. This takes about 7~10 seconds. (To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.)	0
Which wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501 and XAVB2501 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
Which wireless routers is intel wireless display compatible with?	A6100 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6100 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6100 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6100 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
While using the port aggregation feature with my network switch, i am encountering network looping. what happened?	Please take caution when using the Ethernet Port Aggregation feature when connecting the router's AGGREGATE ports to a switch. The router's AGGREGATE ports use 802.3ad LACP (Link Aggregation Control Protocol) to perform port aggregation. LACP is typically found on Smart Managed Switches and Fully Managed switches. It will not work on a regular unmanaged switch. If you do not know what type of switch you have, please check with the switch manufacturer's website to confirm whether or not LACP is supported on your switch.	1
While using the port aggregation feature with my network switch, i am encountering network looping. what happened?	No, The XAVB5602 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
While using the port aggregation feature with my network switch, i am encountering network looping. what happened?	* Make sure your PC is set to obtain IP address automatically (or DHCP).	0
While using the port aggregation feature with my network switch, i am encountering network looping. what happened?	The EVA9000 uses the internal hard drive, a network share or USB drive to store some of its settings. This location is user definable and is normally configured during setup. This location can be changed to a different location at any time by choosing the following from the Home menu: More > Supervisor functions > Advanced settings > Media library management > Data save location.	0
While using the port aggregation feature with my network switch, i am encountering network looping. what happened?	This is expected. Since the EX6100 provides 1x1 11ac antenna stream in 5GHz band the connection in 5GHz band will be the lower of the two, meaning 1x1 11ac.	0
While using the port aggregation feature with my network switch, i am encountering network looping. what happened?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz.	0
Who can access my files?	Files and folders stored on your Stora are private by default. However, you can share content on the Stora with friends and family in several ways:	1
Who can access my files?	"PR2000 adopts one single channel that act as an ""Access Point"" and ""Wireless client"" at the same time when enabled to Hotspot mode. Theoretically, the throughput will be cut in half when compared to wireless throughput of PR2000 in Router mode."	0
Who can access my files?	NETGEAR home routers does not have SNMP feature.	0
Who can access my files?	Any SATA hard drive should work. If you have one available, please test and let us know the model number (shown on screen in the Hard drive info screen).	0
Who can access my files?	If you have setup multiple users on one computer and you accessed a share folder in WNR2200 then switch to another user account on same computer > you may encounter a problem accessing a share folder in WNR2200 USB port. This is Windows authority behavior. It keeps the existing authority and blocks another user account. The solution for this problem is either:	0
Who can access my files?	Using a pin, push it into the tiny hole (red circle) on the product label of the device, and while it is pushed in, hold it for about 7 seconds, and release the pressure on the pin, and remove the pin from the hole. The device will reboot, and will have factory settings restored after device boots up.	0
Who should i call if i need help?	The R7300 DST comes with 1 year of support from GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for assistance.	1
Who should i call if i need help?	Using other antennas with the R7300 is not recommended. There is not a list of compatible external antennas.	0
Who should i call if i need help?	They support to get dynamic IP address from DHCP server by default. If a DHCP server is not installed in your network, the default IP address is 192.168.0.239	0
Who should i call if i need help?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline Configuration utility.	0
Who should i call if i need help?	This depends on the availability of the channel per region. One way to test if Flingo is supported on your area by accessing www.flingo.org. If you cannot access this site, then Flingo is not available for your region.	0
Who should i call if i need help?	Currently, WNHD3004 bridge can only connect to WNHD3004 access point so it’s not supported. We	0
Who should i call if i need warranty support?	The R7300 DST comes with a 1 year warranty which is handled by GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for warranty assistance.	1
Who should i call if i need warranty support?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the EX7000 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
Who should i call if i need warranty support?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
Who should i call if i need warranty support?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Who should i call if i need warranty support?	Yes, the C6250 does support VPN pass-through.	0
Who should i call if i need warranty support?	1. If the LED of WNCE3001 shows red color, please follow FAQ#2 above.	0
"Why am i getting prompted for login information if the readyshare folder in wnr2200 is configured ""read access"" with ""all-no password"" and ""write access"" with ""admin""?"	"You will need to enter ""guest"" as username in the Windows pop-up screen for Read-only access ad leave password blank. For administrator access, please enter the same login username and password you have set on your router (by default, username is ""admin"" and password is ""password"")."	1
"Why am i getting prompted for login information if the readyshare folder in wnr2200 is configured ""read access"" with ""all-no password"" and ""write access"" with ""admin""?"	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
"Why am i getting prompted for login information if the readyshare folder in wnr2200 is configured ""read access"" with ""all-no password"" and ""write access"" with ""admin""?"	Currently the EVA9000 supports the following container formats: AVI, DivX, Xvid WMV, MOV, VOB, MPG, MP1, MP2, MP4, ISO, IFO, M4V, TS, M2TS, MKV, MKA.	0
"Why am i getting prompted for login information if the readyshare folder in wnr2200 is configured ""read access"" with ""all-no password"" and ""write access"" with ""admin""?"	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XWN5021 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
"Why am i getting prompted for login information if the readyshare folder in wnr2200 is configured ""read access"" with ""all-no password"" and ""write access"" with ""admin""?"	The GS324 has a 3 year warranty. In China and India a 1 year warranty applies.	0
"Why am i getting prompted for login information if the readyshare folder in wnr2200 is configured ""read access"" with ""all-no password"" and ""write access"" with ""admin""?"	Yes, the PL1000 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
Why am i not able to get over 1gbps throughput while using port aggregation?	Possible reasons:	1
Why am i not able to get over 1gbps throughput while using port aggregation?	Yes. PPTP is supported by the DGN2200v4.	0
Why am i not able to get over 1gbps throughput while using port aggregation?	Only Android and iOS apps are currently available.	0
Why am i not able to get over 1gbps throughput while using port aggregation?	Yes, if Ethernet port 1 and Ethernet port 2 are not connected to an Ethernet port aggregation supported device, they act just like regular Ethernet ports.	0
Why am i not able to get over 1gbps throughput while using port aggregation?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks; this takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
Why am i not able to get over 1gbps throughput while using port aggregation?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why am i only receiving 150mbps even if i set the mode to 300mbps?	The 20/40MHz Connection is enabled. This is a feature on the router to make the 2.4GHz frequency connection become more stable on the router since there is a lot of interference when using this frequency. You can enable/disable this feature by going to  ADVANCED > ADVANCED SETUP > WIRELESS SETTINGS.	1
Why am i only receiving 150mbps even if i set the mode to 300mbps?	* Enables you to take advantage of Gigabit Wi-Fi speeds on current devices.	0
Why am i only receiving 150mbps even if i set the mode to 300mbps?	This model does not have the option to change its mode to modem only.	0
Why am i only receiving 150mbps even if i set the mode to 300mbps?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check “Enable Video Network” to avoid jitter in your wireless network.	0
Why am i only receiving 150mbps even if i set the mode to 300mbps?	No. Universal WiFi Range Extender is designed to work as an AP/client bridge, not an access point. Instead, you can connect a computer to the extender by an Ethernet cable. The proper usage of the product is to wirelessly connect the Extender to the existing router—in this case, the Extender functions as a client. On the other end, wirelessly connect the Extender to the PC—in this case, the Extender functions as an access point.	0
Why am i only receiving 150mbps even if i set the mode to 300mbps?	Pick a plug is a technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
Why am i required to change my 5 ghz wi-fi channel?	The C3700 may inadvertently operate within a currently unsupported 5GHz Wi-Fi channel that has not been approved for use by NETGEAR.	1
Why am i required to change my 5 ghz wi-fi channel?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter using Intel WiDi software on your PC, and click  PROPERTIES.	0
Why am i required to change my 5 ghz wi-fi channel?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
Why am i required to change my 5 ghz wi-fi channel?	This is correct as per the extenders design algorithm. All clients connected to the extender will get DHCP IP from the router via the extenders virtual mac address.	0
Why am i required to change my 5 ghz wi-fi channel?	The ADSL throughput is comparable. The WiFi throughput is comparable, and the number of WiFi devices that can be connected is comparable. The difference is in the number Ethernet ports that are available. Furthermore, the D500 does not have USB port, as does DGN2200.	0
Why am i required to change my 5 ghz wi-fi channel?	No. XAVB5501 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates (200 mbps) ?	The stated data rates are maximum rates on Physical layer, which means a 200 mbps adapter is transferring 200 Mbits/s data on the powerline wires.	1
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates (200 mbps) ?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates (200 mbps) ?	For 802.11n it isn't recommended to use WPA-PSK or WEP, instead you should use WPA2-PSK for better security. Also, performance-wise, WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK. WEP is not recommended as it is least secure.	0
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates (200 mbps) ?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates (200 mbps) ?	The power consumption of XAV5601 is 5 Watts in 110V AC and 4.5 Watts in 220V AC.	0
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates (200 mbps) ?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. Traditionally, users would have to manually create a wireless network name (SSID), and then manually entering a creative, yet predictable security key on both the router and client to prevent unwanted access to their wireless network. With WPS, it will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates?	Environmental factors, Operational overhead, differences between different transport standards (UDP vs. TCP vs. WFT) and the way each standard optimizes the data overhead (typically for error handling).	1
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates?	Depending on the distance between the 2 plugs the PLP1200 might cover the other socket. In fact the distance from the powerline plug to its edge is 23mm. If the space between the two socket plugs is equal or major than 15mm then you should be able to fit another device beside your powerline.	0
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates?	Please make sure the wireless radio is enabled. If it is not, you can press the WiFi on/off radio button for 2 seconds to turn it on. The WiFi on/off button is located on the front panel of the device.	0
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates?	Make sure that the base router (the router that the R6200v2 will connect to) is operational and able to connect wireless devices. Make a note of the following items:  SSID, SECURITY MODE, WIRELESS PASSWORD, OPERATING FREQUENCY (EITHER 2.4 GHZ OR 5 GHZ)	0
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates?	No. XAVB2001 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0 that is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Why are the actual data rates less from the stated data rates?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter using Intel WiDi software on your PC, and click  PROPERTIES.	0
Why are the lan ports on the r6100 only support up to 100 mbps (and not gigabit speed)?	 The R6100 was designed to provide the fastest Wi-Fi speed at the lowest possible price, with the latest Wi-Fi standard 802.11ac connectivity.	1
Why are the lan ports on the r6100 only support up to 100 mbps (and not gigabit speed)?	The NETGEAR Mobile Hotspot (AC785) is preferred over tethering for 4 major reasons.	0
Why are the lan ports on the r6100 only support up to 100 mbps (and not gigabit speed)?	* MBR1515 WiFi router connects to the Verizon Wireless 4G LTE network via a 4G LTE wireless modem embedded in the router	0
Why are the lan ports on the r6100 only support up to 100 mbps (and not gigabit speed)?	Arlo Wire-Free cameras are weatherproof and can be used both indoors and outdoors. Arlo Q cameras deliver the best experience indoors.	0
Why are the lan ports on the r6100 only support up to 100 mbps (and not gigabit speed)?	No. Please power off fully by shutting off the rear panel switch before installing or removing a hard drive. The hard drive will not be damaged if you remove it with the EVA powered up, but the EVA will not recognize any hard drive which is installed after initial power-on.	0
Why are the lan ports on the r6100 only support up to 100 mbps (and not gigabit speed)?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
Why are the settings going back to default after a reboot?	Volume needs to be created before settings can be saved.	1
Why are the settings going back to default after a reboot?	The  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side of the router.	0
Why are the settings going back to default after a reboot?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Why are the settings going back to default after a reboot?	[Can I attach a USB 2.0 Hub to ReadyNAS USB Port?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21524)	0
Why are the settings going back to default after a reboot?	DGN1000 is based on the new 802.11n technology with provides much faster speeds (Up to	0
Why are the settings going back to default after a reboot?	During installation via the browser based genie, the Nighthawk WiFi Router looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on the web site every time you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing the genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alert when new firmware is available.	0
Why are the wireless security mode wpa-psk and wep grayed out on the wnr2200 wireless setting page?	According to the WiFi certification test plan, the WPA-PSK and WEP security are not allowed on 802.11n. WPA-PSK and WEP security mode are only working on 802.11g mode. If your wireless devices only support WEP security mode, please change the WNR2200 wireless mode to “Up to 54Mbps” so you can use WEP security.	1
Why are the wireless security mode wpa-psk and wep grayed out on the wnr2200 wireless setting page?	Additional info can be found at [NETGEAR ReadySHARE](http://www.netgear.com/readyshare).	0
Why are the wireless security mode wpa-psk and wep grayed out on the wnr2200 wireless setting page?	No. The GTV100 does not support HDCP.	0
Why are the wireless security mode wpa-psk and wep grayed out on the wnr2200 wireless setting page?	No, while receiving SMS messages is supported, this device does not support sending SMS messages.	0
Why are the wireless security mode wpa-psk and wep grayed out on the wnr2200 wireless setting page?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a	0
Why are the wireless security mode wpa-psk and wep grayed out on the wnr2200 wireless setting page?	Yes.	0
Why are there two different colors on the led?	WNDA4100 supports both 2.4GHz and 5GHz wireless signal. The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	1
Why are there two different colors on the led?	Yes. 2 skins are included by default, and others can be added to the data save location and loaded onto the EVA.	0
Why are there two different colors on the led?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
Why are there two different colors on the led?	Android 6 mobile OS will detect if the WiFi network has an active Internet connection or not. When Android 6 mobile OS detects there's no active internet connection on WiFi, the WiFi is disabled on the Android device and will switch to mobile network to obtain an active Internet connection thus the connection to extender is lost and setup will fail. You can disable mobile network on the Android device, reconnect to the extender WiFi network to complete the extender setup. Alternatively, you can use a computer to complete setup via Ethernet configuration or WPS setup.	0
Why are there two different colors on the led?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes amber.	0
Why are there two different colors on the led?	Yes.	0
Why can i not exit netflix or live tv?	"Please press and hold the ""Return"" button for 3~5 seconds until the popup windows shows up."	1
Why can i not exit netflix or live tv?	8 internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments. Users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Why can i not exit netflix or live tv?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input (Please refer to the product label). The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 7 seconds to bring the unit to factory default settings.	0
Why can i not exit netflix or live tv?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
Why can i not exit netflix or live tv?	 The maximum power used by the WN2500RP is 7.9 watts.	0
Why can i not exit netflix or live tv?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac, mkv and a few other container / tag formats. For containers without native tag support a separate .TAG file can be created which contains an ID3 format tag for the corresponding file.	0
Why can i not play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to Airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an Airplay device ready, such as Apple TV or Airplay ready receivers.	1
Why can i not play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	The A6200 is a dual band USB adapter that complies with 802.11a/b/g/n specifications and 802.11ac draft 2.0. It operates at 2.4GHz and 5GHz, and works with 802.11b/g, 802.11a, 802.11n and 802.11ac wireless routers and access points. A6200 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 866Mbps in 5GHz and up to 300Mbps in 2.4GHz bands. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and has a USB cradle that users can adjust the orientation to make a best connection quality with.	0
Why can i not play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why can i not play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	Type in http://192.168.0.1/ in an Internet browser on a PC or MAC connected to one of the device’s 4 Ethernet ports, or connected via Wireless to the device. The URL is the factory default settings. If you change this IP setting in GUI page “LAN IP”, please record your change so that you would know the IP to access GUI page. In case, you forgot your change, you can reset the unit to factory default settings, and then access GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
Why can i not play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	Yes, the XAVB5602 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Why can i not play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	No. XAV1004 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. XAV1004 is only compatible with HomePlug AV but cans co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Why can i not set my unit's ip address to 192.168.1.*?	For C3000, the IP address 192.168.1.* to 192.168.7.* are reserved for guest network. For C3700, the IP address 192.168.1.* to 192.168.7.* and 192.168.21.* to 192.168.27.* are reserved for guest network.	1
Why can i not set my unit's ip address to 192.168.1.*?	Please note that the firmware version before v1.0.0.34 (initial release) only supports Traffic Meter for WAN types on PPPoE or PPTP mode. Traffic Meter for WAN type with DHCP or Static IP mode will be supported on future FW release.	0
Why can i not set my unit's ip address to 192.168.1.*?	No, the entire feature set is available without requiring any license. For simplicity, all advanced new features included in M6100 chassis series are available without additional cost.	0
Why can i not set my unit's ip address to 192.168.1.*?	Using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Why can i not set my unit's ip address to 192.168.1.*?	Plug the devices directly into the electrical outlet is strongly recommended to get the best performances. While inexpensive powerstrips and surge protectors may have little effect, more expensive and effective models may block Powerline signals.	0
Why can i not set my unit's ip address to 192.168.1.*?	"If after repositioning the WN3100RP, one of the Arrow LED is still blinking, then it means you did not succeed to position the Extender in an ""ideal"" location where it would give the best performance."	0
Why can we only use wpa2-psk encryption on newer firmwares of the r6300v2?	 WPA-PSK (TKIP) has been removed by the Wi-Fi Alliance so on the new firmware, it may be not be there anymore.	1
Why can we only use wpa2-psk encryption on newer firmwares of the r6300v2?	It supports full 2.4 GHz and 5GHz configuration including 802.11n, 802.11g, and 802.11b.	0
Why can we only use wpa2-psk encryption on newer firmwares of the r6300v2?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XWN5021 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Why can we only use wpa2-psk encryption on newer firmwares of the r6300v2?	The AirCard Smart Cradle is compatible with AirCard 790S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced II), AirCard 785S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra Pre-Paid 4G My Pocket Wi-Fi Ultimate), AirCard 782S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced), and any Future NETGEAR AirCard Mobile Hotspots.	0
Why can we only use wpa2-psk encryption on newer firmwares of the r6300v2?	The best distance is within 12 feet (about 3 meters). Also, ensure the Push2TV is in a clear line of sight from the PC.	0
Why can we only use wpa2-psk encryption on newer firmwares of the r6300v2?	Yes, but not all. Please check the router's user manual for its features and capabilities.	0
Why can't i access the internet after my client connects to the extender from router. it happened on hand off from router to extender when client leave router wifi service area then hand over use extender's wifi service area?	We found certain router has a bug will cause this issue. The router assigns a different Mac address to get the same IP. This results in the client not being able to access the internet. The solution is to upgrade your router to the latest firmware which fixed this issue.	1
Why can't i access the internet after my client connects to the extender from router. it happened on hand off from router to extender when client leave router wifi service area then hand over use extender's wifi service area?	No. You don’t need to change anything on your router. WiFi Booster does not use WPS protocol to connect to your router.	0
Why can't i access the internet after my client connects to the extender from router. it happened on hand off from router to extender when client leave router wifi service area then hand over use extender's wifi service area?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
Why can't i access the internet after my client connects to the extender from router. it happened on hand off from router to extender when client leave router wifi service area then hand over use extender's wifi service area?	The frequencies used by XAVB5601 are in the range of 2MHz to 80MHz.	0
Why can't i access the internet after my client connects to the extender from router. it happened on hand off from router to extender when client leave router wifi service area then hand over use extender's wifi service area?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 130Mbps support the draft 802.11N specification and use 20MHz and 40MHz frequency, respectively. Up to 130Mbps will provide the maximum performance in most cases. For maximum wireless throughput, use the RANGEMAX NEXT wireless notebook adapter WN111v2.	0
Why can't i access the internet after my client connects to the extender from router. it happened on hand off from router to extender when client leave router wifi service area then hand over use extender's wifi service area?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Why can't i get an internet connection?	1. If the LED of WNCE4004 is red please follow above Question 2 above for diagnostic.	1
Why can't i get an internet connection?	The default wireless mode on DGN3500 is Up to 270Mbps.	0
Why can't i get an internet connection?	It’s not recommend using WPA-PSK or WEP for wireless security setting; instead users should always use WPA2-PSK for the best wireless security. WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK.	0
Why can't i get an internet connection?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
Why can't i get an internet connection?	The limiting factor is often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance overhead to overcome the increased attenuation caused by longer wiring runs.	0
Why can't i get an internet connection?	If you are connected to a client and to the Router/Gateway, and the Arrow LEDs are not blinking, it means you have correctly positioned the Extender.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on dgnd3700?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	1
Why can't i log in my share folders on dgnd3700?	For 802.11n it isn't recommended to use WPA-PSK or WEP, instead you should use WPA2-PSK for better security. Also, performance-wise, WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK. WEP is not recommended as it is least secure.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on dgnd3700?	NETGEAR WPN824N uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We suggest users to let the device stand up or lie down to achieve the best range and performance suitable in your house.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on dgnd3700?	Yes, it is.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on dgnd3700?	"Download the open source package from the web site, extract the package and find the ""KWGR614_README"" text file under the directory of ""vendorsDocumentation"". This readme file describes the directory structure, the tools needed for building the router firmware, the procedure to build the router firmware, and the list of the firmware modules."	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on dgnd3700?	 XAV1401V1: To go to power saving mode (Stand-by), the Ethernet link of connected device needs to be OFF. After a period of 10 minutes, the XAV1401 goes to stand-by mode until the Ethernet link is back to active.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr3700?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	1
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr3700?	No. NETGEAR Manageable switches does support it.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr3700?	It actually depends on the environment and the router you are using. The WNDA3100v2 is just a receiver.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr3700?	XS708E supports loop detection (not prevention). When a loop is detected, both LEDs on the affected ports will blink at a constant speed with roughly 1 every second. Loop detection is user configurable and it is disabled by default.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr3700?	Cable Internet access uses cable television wires instead of telephone lines to connect to the Internet.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr3700?	Using these channels may cause interference with other devices approved to use these channels.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr4300?	We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest.	1
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr4300?	The Remote application on iOS devices such as iPad and iPhone uses iTunes to play content only. It merely sees the files and plays them just like an external remote control. The actual files and album art are installed on the computer. Album art will not be visible through the Remote app.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr4300?	Yes, the WNR2000v4 support this feature. For more information including how to enable this feature see our [Parental Controls](http://www.netgear.com/lpc#) page.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr4300?	The frequencies used by XAVB5001 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr4300?	[How and when do I use the Advanced Options tab?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21456)	0
Why can't i log in my share folders on wndr4300?	Yes, the R6400 supports IPv6.	0
Why can't i log in to a readyshare folder even after verifying correct username and password?	If you have setup multiple users on one computer and you accessed a share folder in WNR2200 then switch to another user account on same computer > you may encounter a problem accessing a share folder in WNR2200 USB port. This is Windows authority behavior. It keeps the existing authority and blocks another user account. The solution for this problem is either:	1
Why can't i log in to a readyshare folder even after verifying correct username and password?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter Web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
Why can't i log in to a readyshare folder even after verifying correct username and password?	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XE103 Powerline Encryption Utility to set a network password within the group or network.	0
Why can't i log in to a readyshare folder even after verifying correct username and password?	The PL1000 Powerline adapter needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The Powerline will also work with a wired or wireless type of router.	0
Why can't i log in to a readyshare folder even after verifying correct username and password?	NeoTV supports 2 modes of “power off”: Standby mode, and Power off mode. In Standby mode, the output ports are switched off and the unit is idle, but can be awakened quickly by pressing <Power>. While in Standby mode, the unit draws ~6 watts (compared to ~15 watts while powered up). In Power off mode, the unit uses minimum power state (drawing less than 0.5W), but can still be awakened by pressing <Power>. However, powering on the unit from the full power off state takes longer (30 secs compared to 1 sec).	0
Why can't i log in to a readyshare folder even after verifying correct username and password?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why can't i log in to my readyshare folders on wnr2200?	Please check the following:	1
Why can't i log in to my readyshare folders on wnr2200?	The frequencies used by XAVB5501 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	0
Why can't i log in to my readyshare folders on wnr2200?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why can't i log in to my readyshare folders on wnr2200?	If you use 802.11ac wireless devices to connect to R6220, the maximum connection link rate is 867Mbps. To take full advantage of the higher 802.11ac Wi-Fi speeds you will require an 802.11ac client device.	0
Why can't i log in to my readyshare folders on wnr2200?	NETGEAR R6300 Wi-Fi 802.11ac Router will be available across various retail and online stores. Please visit the links below for the list:	0
Why can't i log in to my readyshare folders on wnr2200?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR genie configuration utility.	0
Why can't i log in to my share folders on dgn2200?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	1
Why can't i log in to my share folders on dgn2200?	No, the QoS on the router is for Internet traffic, not layer 2 QoS in LAN side by the powerline devices.	0
Why can't i log in to my share folders on dgn2200?	When browsing a song, the UI shows a different length compared to what is shown on the Now Playing screen. This is due to the audio browser showing the song length that was read from the audio file's ID3 tag data. The Now Playing screen actually calculates the duration of the song.	0
Why can't i log in to my share folders on dgn2200?	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	0
Why can't i log in to my share folders on dgn2200?	It supports a AnchorAnchormaximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
Why can't i log in to my share folders on dgn2200?	Yes, the EVA8000 can access NAS devices directly. (Note: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA8000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
Why can't i login my share folders on dgnd3800b?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	1
Why can't i login my share folders on dgnd3800b?	After you have successfully setup the WNR2000v3 to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	0
Why can't i login my share folders on dgnd3800b?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Why can't i login my share folders on dgnd3800b?	It supports 4 type QoS service. It includes applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. User can base on his behavior to setup internet traffic priority to get best efficiency.	0
Why can't i login my share folders on dgnd3800b?	Currently the EVA 8000 supports the following container formats: AVI, DivX, Xvid WMV, MOV, VOB, MPG, MP1, MP2, MP4, ISO, IFO, M4V.	0
Why can't i login my share folders on dgnd3800b?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Why can't i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	1. Make sure your AP not legacy 11b/g, this kind of AP have no enough bandwidth to support HD play.	1
Why can't i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	Yes, IPv6 is supported.	0
Why can't i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	"XAV2602 is one of ""Pass Thru"" Powerline products in NETGEAR. The best thing is it has a built in power outlet for users to plug other electrical devices onto the outlet, that won't be able to occupy the original electrical outlet."	0
Why can't i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
Why can't i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	If [btrfs-cleaner] gets stuck at 100% after upgrade, this is likely due to the ReadyNAS performing a quota check. As mentioned previously, the ReadyNAS may take some time doing a quota check. This quota check should only run once after upgrading as long as it is able to complete successfully. Rebooting your chassis might cause the quota check to restart from the beginning. Please allow it some time to finish. Also, btrfs-cleaner is commonly invoked after Smart Snapshot Management prunes older snapshots. ReadyNAS commonly prunes older snapshots based on its snapshot schedule. If your ReadyNAS is restarting btrfs-cleaner every time you restart and consuming 100% CPU endlessly, or if the device is not behaving as notated here, please contact [NETGEAR Support](http://support.netgear.com/general/contact/)	0
Why can't i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	Yes, the XAVB5602 does support Standby mode for power saving.	0
Why can't i play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to Airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an Airplay ready device, such as Apple TV or Airplay ready receivers.	1
Why can't i play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	Yes, the M6100 series supports Dual image feature. Dual Image feature allows for two images in the permanent storage. User can denote any of these images as an active image that will be loaded in subsequent reboot. This feature provides for reduced down-time for the switch, when the image is being upgraded / downgraded.	0
Why can't i play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	This button is for user to reset all of the settings back to factory defaults.	0
Why can't i play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	[How can I disable private home shares?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21457)	0
Why can't i play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	During the installation process (via the web genie interface), the router accesses the NETGEAR web site for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the router user interface also supports auto firmware upgrade. Auto upgrade will check for the latest firmware on the NETGEAR web site every time you log into the router.	0
Why can't i play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	Depending on your Powerline model, you can connect up to 64 nodes (check the FAQ section for your model to make sure about exact number).	0
Why can't i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	Your media may have copy protection mechanisms preventing playback on Intel Wireless Display.	1
Why can't i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	The NETGEAR DGN1000 uses 1 antenna for transmit and receive.	0
Why can't i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	0
Why can't i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	Retail: Best Buy, Frys, Staples, Office Depot	0
Why can't i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	NETGEAR believes we provide the highest quality products in the market place, and back the Stora with an industry-leading three year warranty.	0
Why can't i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
"Why can't i see link rate 450mbps after i select ""up to 450mbps"" in 5ghz?"	You must buy 3x3 dual band wireless adapter or 450Mbps dual band wireless adapter like NETGEAR WNDA4100 or Centrino 6300, Centrino 5300, etc. Then you must be close to the router and toward the router to see the max. link rate 450Mbps.	1
"Why can't i see link rate 450mbps after i select ""up to 450mbps"" in 5ghz?"	It depends on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE hard drive. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
"Why can't i see link rate 450mbps after i select ""up to 450mbps"" in 5ghz?"	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
"Why can't i see link rate 450mbps after i select ""up to 450mbps"" in 5ghz?"	 DO NOT power off or reboot the router during the firmware update, otherwise it may corrupt the firmware and render the router inoperable.	0
"Why can't i see link rate 450mbps after i select ""up to 450mbps"" in 5ghz?"	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
"Why can't i see link rate 450mbps after i select ""up to 450mbps"" in 5ghz?"	XCM89P daughter card supports PoE (802.3af) and PoE+ (802.3at).	0
Why can't i use wmp 12 to find files on the wndr4300 readydlna server with attached usb storage?	This is still an known issue in firmware v1.0.1.30. It will be fixed in next official release. Please use other DLNA client like Xbox or PS3 to browse WNDR4300 ReadyDLNA service and play files.	1
Why can't i use wmp 12 to find files on the wndr4300 readydlna server with attached usb storage?	* [How to diagnose backup job failures on a ReadyNAS OS 6 system](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29829)	0
Why can't i use wmp 12 to find files on the wndr4300 readydlna server with attached usb storage?	802.3az is an IEEE (Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers) standard, which allows for less power consumption during periods of low data activity.	0
Why can't i use wmp 12 to find files on the wndr4300 readydlna server with attached usb storage?	If the client device has connected to router directly, the extender setup URL is not accessible. Please connect your client device to the extender directly and enter Extender setup URL again.	0
Why can't i use wmp 12 to find files on the wndr4300 readydlna server with attached usb storage?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why can't i use wmp 12 to find files on the wndr4300 readydlna server with attached usb storage?	For each XAV101v2 devices, press and hold its Security button between 2 to 4 seconds until the LED starts to blink.	0
Why can't the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3700.	1
Why can't the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	If you powered on the hotspot before activating it, do the following:	0
Why can't the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	* 24 copper 10/100/1000Mbps RJ-45 Ethernet ports	0
Why can't the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	The FastUplink feature is used for quick selection of a port with lowest cost, when the root port fails. In other words, FastUplink feature is used to reduce the time taken to converge, when a link fails. This feature is similar to Cisco® Uplink Fast feature. When the primary link fails, FastUplink will create an alternate path immediately. Since the ports that apply FastUplink don’t have to wait for normal convergence time, this will speed up the transition from the failed primary link to the backup link (the port in a blocking state).	0
Why can't the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	Type in http://192.168.0.1/ in an Internet browser on a PC or MAC connected to one of the device’s 4 Ethernet ports, or connected via Wireless to the device. The URL is the factory default settings. If you change this IP setting in GUI page “LAN IP”, please record your change so that you would know the IP to access GUI page. In case, you forgot your change, you can reset the unit to factory default settings, and then access GUI at http://192.168.0.1/.	0
Why can't the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	* Green: The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps.	0
Why cannot i plug the xav1101 into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB1101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why cannot i plug the xav1101 into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord?	ReadyNAS Vault uses the port 443, the standard https port. So, as long as you can browse the web securely, no new ports need to be opened.	0
Why cannot i plug the xav1101 into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord?	The key benefits of beamforming are:	0
Why cannot i plug the xav1101 into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord?	The available wireless security depends on the wireless mode selected for the router. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 54 Mbps mode, WEP, WPA-PSK [TKIP] and WPA2-PSK [AES] are supported. When the wireless mode is set at Up to 65Mbps or 150Mbps, users can still setup the WEP, WPA-PSK, or WPA2-PSK, but we recommend to set the wireless security mode as WPA2-PSK[AES] mode to achieve the most robust and high performance.	0
Why cannot i plug the xav1101 into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord?	Your router needs to do lots of computation to provide you with detailed real time bandwidth statistics for each connected device and applications running on them. To minimize the impact on other router features and functionalities, it is designed to provide statistics on a request/update basis. Please click the  REFRESH button on  ATTACHED DEVICES page to update your bandwidth statistics.	0
Why cannot i plug the xav1101 into a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord?	1. The upgrade process is completed when the on screen progress bar completes. If power LED light turns amber and blinking, power cycle the router to complete the upgrade.	0
Why can’t i access http://www.mywifiext.net or http://www.mywifiext.com?	For this to work, the PC must be directly connected to one of the 4 Ethernet ports on the	1
Why can’t i access http://www.mywifiext.net or http://www.mywifiext.com?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes amber.	0
Why can’t i access http://www.mywifiext.net or http://www.mywifiext.com?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz.	0
Why can’t i access http://www.mywifiext.net or http://www.mywifiext.com?	Yes, you can use the NETGEAR XE103 Powerline Encryption Utility to set a network password within the group or network.	0
Why can’t i access http://www.mywifiext.net or http://www.mywifiext.com?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2MHz to 86MHz.	0
Why can’t i access http://www.mywifiext.net or http://www.mywifiext.com?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Why can’t i connect a wireless client using wnhd3004 access point’s wireless security pin?	This is a current limitation and we'll release future firmware to make it work. On the other	1
Why can’t i connect a wireless client using wnhd3004 access point’s wireless security pin?	お使いのPCで「インターネット接続の共有」を有効にしている場合は、以下の通り無効に変更してください。	0
Why can’t i connect a wireless client using wnhd3004 access point’s wireless security pin?	No, the cable router should automatically be provisioned by the service provider. Please contact your service provider if the unit is unable to connect online.	0
Why can’t i connect a wireless client using wnhd3004 access point’s wireless security pin?	Beamforming is a radio wave technology that is written into the next generation IEEE Wi-Fi 802.11ac standard. This technology allows the beamformer (Router) to transmit radio signal in the direction of the beamformee (Client), thus creating a stronger, faster and more reliable wireless communication.	0
Why can’t i connect a wireless client using wnhd3004 access point’s wireless security pin?	It supports a maximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
Why can’t i connect a wireless client using wnhd3004 access point’s wireless security pin?	The XAV5001 has a firmware upgrade tool for upgrading the firmware which you can download in the NETGEAR web side.	0
Why can’t i find an ordering sku for the empty m6100-3s chassis?	The M6100-3S empty chassis is not orderable as a separate SKU. The M6100-3S empty chassis only comes with M6100-44G3-POE+ or M6100-44GF3 or M6100-24X3 starter kit bundles.	1
Why can’t i find an ordering sku for the empty m6100-3s chassis?	M6100 Chassis Switch supports third-party DAC passive and active cables, as long as they are SFP+ MSA compliant.	0
Why can’t i find an ordering sku for the empty m6100-3s chassis?	Any SATA hard drive should work. If you have one available, please test and let us know the model number (shown on screen in the Hard drive info screen).	0
Why can’t i find an ordering sku for the empty m6100-3s chassis?	If you powered on the hotspot before activating it, do the following:	0
Why can’t i find an ordering sku for the empty m6100-3s chassis?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Why can’t i find an ordering sku for the empty m6100-3s chassis?	Yes. To enable Arlo Q cameras to record 24/7, use the Arlo app to add the Continuous Video Recording plan to your Arlo Q camera. For more information, see [What is continuous video recording and how do I get it?](https://kb.arlo.com/1018425).	0
Why can’t i find any supervisory module sku for fabric or management?	Because the M6100 series is designed upon an innovative “distributed fabric” which removes the need for a dedicated supervisory module, while providing a passive backplane, redundant fabric and redundant management – all with non-stop forwarding world-class resiliency and availability. As a result, all four M6100 I/O blades (XCM8948, XCM8944, XCM8944F, and XCM8924X) are equipped with dedicated hardware and software high-end distributed fabric on board. When inserted in Slot 1, any I/O blade will handle the Supervisory Role. When inserted in Slot 2, any I/O blade will handle the Back-up Supervisory role. It brings simplicity for management and maintenance or upgrades, while providing better availability and resiliency than any competitive solution in this price range.	1
Why can’t i find any supervisory module sku for fabric or management?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will most likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why can’t i find any supervisory module sku for fabric or management?	Yes cover art and descriptions are available and we provide a tool to modify/add cover art which works with .mpg (ID3), .avi, .wmv, .mp4, .mov, wma, flac and a few other container / tag formats.	0
Why can’t i find any supervisory module sku for fabric or management?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the extender status LED flashes in amber.	0
Why can’t i find any supervisory module sku for fabric or management?	You have to reset the WN802T-200 back to factory settings and login using the default login name and password, which are “admin” and “password”	0
Why can’t i find any supervisory module sku for fabric or management?	No, the entire feature set is available without requiring any license. For simplicity, all advanced new features included in M6100 chassis series are available without additional cost.	0
Why can’t i find pin support in netgear user interface?	If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use Microsoft AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the client GUI while the AP is in unconfigured mode and your PC pops up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	1
Why can’t i find pin support in netgear user interface?	password	0
Why can’t i find pin support in netgear user interface?	The message is popping up due to an error in how the AT&T Unite Pro (AC781S) is recognizing the cradle. Simply dismiss the message and the device will work exactly as you expect.	0
Why can’t i find pin support in netgear user interface?	NeoTV supports 2 modes of “power off”: Standby mode, and Power off mode. In Standby mode, the output ports are switched off and the unit is idle, but can be awakened quickly by pressing <Power>. While in Standby mode, the unit draws ~6 watts (compared to ~15 watts while powered up). In Power off mode, the unit uses minimum power state (drawing less than 0.5W), but can still be awakened by pressing <Power>. However, powering on the unit from the full power off state takes longer (30 secs compared to 1 sec).	0
Why can’t i find pin support in netgear user interface?	ReadyNAS Vault will first require you to register for an account here: [http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs](http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs)/. (Free trials are available.) Once registered, you can enable the ReadyNAS Vault and log into the application. More details can be found here: [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started)	0
Why can’t i find pin support in netgear user interface?	Please go to genie GUI, select “ADVANCED” tab, then select “Setup” -> “WAN Setup”, From the right panel, check the “Default DMZ Server” box and fill in the VoIP phone IP address, then click on “Apply” button to activate it.	0
Why can’t i go to internet?	1. If the LED of WNCE3001 shows red color, please follow FAQ#2 above.	1
Why can’t i go to internet?	You can easily click the “Restart Counter Now” to let the Internet connection resume, or click the “Apply” button under Traffic Meter configuration page.	0
Why can’t i go to internet?	They support to get dynamic IP address from DHCP server by default. If a DHCP server is not installed in your network, the default IP address is 192.168.0.239	0
Why can’t i go to internet?	NETGEAR home routers can block services and domain names but not the actual port.	0
Why can’t i go to internet?	1. Verify that the NTV550 unit is powered on. Note that after plugging in the unit, the unit remains off until you press the Power button on the front of the unit, right side.	0
Why can’t i go to internet?	The power consumption is 9.49 watts.	0
Why can’t i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	1. Make sure your AP is not running legacy B or G. This kind of AP can’t have enough wireless bandwidth to support HD.	1
Why can’t i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	One possible cause is the TV and the EVA8000 are on two different ground planes, which can cause the hissing sound through the speakers. To correct this purchase a power strip with a surge suppressor and plug both the TV and the EVA8000 into this strip. Both devices will now be using the same ground plane and the hissing or buzzing should go away.	0
Why can’t i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	That means Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue.	0
Why can’t i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	* [Enabling Ethernet port aggregation on R8500](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29910)	0
Why can’t i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	The USB port allows user to download/upload switch firmware or configuration file using USB flash device. It is also used to recover the firmware image through the utility menu during boot up. It is more effective and easier than using XMODEM serial port protocol for file transfer.	0
Why can’t i play hd file smoothly over wireless?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3700 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
Why can’t i play hd files smoothly over wireless?	* Make sure your AP is not set to legacy B or G mode.	1
Why can’t i play hd files smoothly over wireless?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Why can’t i play hd files smoothly over wireless?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the Extender network and your PC is configured as DHCP client mode. In your browser, type the URL [http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net). If you still cannot access the Extender, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL [http://www.mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net).	0
Why can’t i play hd files smoothly over wireless?	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet.	0
Why can’t i play hd files smoothly over wireless?	The default IP address is 192.168.0.1.	0
Why can’t i play hd files smoothly over wireless?	No.	0
Why can’t i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	Many DVDs and Blu-ray Discs include copy protection mechanisms that prevent playback on Intel Wireless Display before software version v2.1.0.0.You also need a contain protection enable PC to playback on Intel Wireless Display.However, personal content that you have burned to a disc will work.	1
Why can’t i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	Enter [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1) or [http://www.routerlogin.net](http://www.routerlogin.net) in the address field of your web browser.	0
Why can’t i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	For troubleshooting guidance on various NETGEAR models, see [Troubleshooting NETGEAR WiFi Range Extenders](https://kb.netgear.com/25731/Troubleshooting-NETGEAR-WiFi-Range-Extenders).	0
Why can’t i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3700 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
Why can’t i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Why can’t i play some dvd and blu-ray discs?	The GPL code is on our GPL page.	0
Why can’t the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of WNDR3700.	1
Why can’t the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	The supported operating systems are Windows 7 (32/64-bit), Vista, XP.	0
Why can’t the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX6200 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	0
Why can’t the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	NETGEAR does not have a timeframe when a firmware will be pushed down to customer's units. NETGEAR provide the firmware to the ISP which will go through their approval process. Once the firmware is approved, the ISP will push down the firmware to the C3000/C3700 on their schedule. Customers should always have the latest approved firmware available from their ISP.	0
Why can’t the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	The topology will be depicted as below:	0
Why can’t the wps work at all? i tried hardware push button, software push button, client pin or ap pin?	Port-based QOS, a unique feature of the XAV1004 and XAVB1004, allows a user to prioritize specific applications by simply plugging a device into a color-coded port on the back of the product. This way, a user can ensure that his gaming console or HD movies always receive unconstrained bandwidth, even when other devices are attempting to transmit data over the shared powerline networking.	0
Why do i  sometimes experience a short traffic about 2~4 seconds while i am playing games with wnda4100’s internet connection ?	One possible root cause is because WNDA4100 enters scan mode. You can open “Device Manager”. Select NETGEAR N900 Wireless Dual Band USB adapter device. Then right click and choose “property”. Select Advanced page. You can see a configuration parameter called “Multimedia and gaming mode environment”. You can enable this setting. Turning on this prevents WNDA4100 from going to scan mode too often while WNDA4100 is already connected..	1
Why do i  sometimes experience a short traffic about 2~4 seconds while i am playing games with wnda4100’s internet connection ?	During installation via the Web genie, JNR3210/JMR3000 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check for the latest firmware on the website every time you log into the GUI.	0
Why do i  sometimes experience a short traffic about 2~4 seconds while i am playing games with wnda4100’s internet connection ?	When a new PL1000 firmware is available, a firmware upgrade tool will be posted on the NETGEAR website.	0
Why do i  sometimes experience a short traffic about 2~4 seconds while i am playing games with wnda4100’s internet connection ?	The default wireless mode for the firmware is “Up to 800Mbps” for 2.4 GHz & “Up to 1733Mbps” for 5 GHz.	0
Why do i  sometimes experience a short traffic about 2~4 seconds while i am playing games with wnda4100’s internet connection ?	Install the hard drive with the unit powered off; power on; use the Hard Drive Tools menu to format the drive. Be sure to copy off any files on the drive first as the EVA requires that the drive be formatted by the EVA tools. The resulting drive is in Linux ext-3 format with some EVA specific structure on the drive. Once the drive has been formatted you can mount it on any Linux system, or on a Windows system with ext-3 file system drivers.	0
Why do i  sometimes experience a short traffic about 2~4 seconds while i am playing games with wnda4100’s internet connection ?	No.	0
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100 and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	The WNA3100 is a Wi-Fi 11n 2.0 certified product, and it’s following the new WiFi regulations. On the new regulations, you can only achieve up to 54 Mbps when WPA (TKIP) security mode is set. Please set the security mode to WPA2 or WPA/WPA2 mixed mode in your wireless router and WNA3100 to gain 802.11n mode connection.	1
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100 and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	HBO Go is not supported anymore to any Google TV including the GTV100.	0
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100 and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	If the No Signal icon displays on either the LCD or the hotspot web page, the hotspot is in a zero coverage area and is not connected to the mobile broadband network. Make sure that you are in Sprint LTE coverage.	0
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100 and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default settings as indicated by flashing Power LED (see above LED behavior for details).	0
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100 and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	No, currently the EVA doesn’t support WEP Shared-Key Authentication so you will need to choose Open System Authentication when using WEP.	0
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100 and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	"Yes, you can access the Stora web GUI from your local LAN by opening a web browser and entering ""http://IP_Address/?local=1""."	0
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100m and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	The WNA3100M is a WiFi 11n 2.0 certified product, and it’s following the new WiFi regulations. On the new regulations, you can only achieve up to 54 Mbps when WPA (TKIP) security mode is set. Please set the security mode to WPA2 or WPA/WPA2 mixed mode in your wireless router and WNA3100M to gain 802.11n mode connection speed.	1
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100m and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	The DGND3800B does not support this function.	0
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100m and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	ReadySHARE Cloud gives you remote access over the Internet to a USB storage device that is connected to your router’s USB port.	0
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100m and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	NETGEAR home routers do not support Wake-on-LAN so even if the 3rd party adapter has that option, it will not work.	0
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100m and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	The DLNA feature on WNDR4500 can only support up to 25,000 files. Please reduce the number of files on the USB drive so the router can properly scan the files.	0
Why do i always see 11g connection speed (54mbps) with my wireless routers when using wna3100m and security mode is set to wpa (tkip) on the wireless router?	There is a discovery tool called “Config Assistant” in the product CD (you can also download it from the NETGEAR support site). Run this tool from the PC behind the bridge, or a pc behind the router the bridge is connected to, and it will find the WNHDE111 bridges (with their IP addresses) in the network for you. It’s recommended to make a copy of this tool on your PC’s desktop.	0
Why do i experience low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100v2 and linksys wrt600n?	To ensure the maximum performance at 5GHz between WNDA3100v2 and Linksys WRT600N, please configure your Linksys router to use a higher channel number on the wide channel than the standard channel number when operating in Wide-40MHz channel. The Radio Band of Wide – 40MHz channel means the router is functioning at HT 40 mode. Set the wide channel to 46 and standard channel to 44 – 5.220GHz to see the maximum 5GHz performance between WNDA3100v2 and WRT600N. If your Linksys router is running at HT20 mode (20MHz channel) then there is no manual setting required to achieve high throughput between the two products.	1
Why do i experience low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100v2 and linksys wrt600n?	WNHDB3004 is the highest performing Wireless gear in the market in terms of reliability of streaming 1080P streams over WiFi in a large single family home.	0
Why do i experience low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100v2 and linksys wrt600n?	Click switch offers the innovative 1-2-3-4 mounting system which gives you the flexibility to place the Click Switch in locations where other switches will not go. Whether it's directly on a wall, strapped to a pole, under the meeting table in a conference room or in a server closet, vertical or horizontal,the Click Switch's unique mounting system allow you to control exactly how your ports and cables are deployed.	0
Why do i experience low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100v2 and linksys wrt600n?	* [ReadyCLOUD Permissions](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/24927)	0
Why do i experience low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100v2 and linksys wrt600n?	This means that you are too far from the client or the router/gateway.	0
Why do i experience low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100v2 and linksys wrt600n?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 150Mbps support the draft 802.11N	0
Why do i experienced low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100 and linksys wrt600n?	To ensure the maximum performance at 5GHz between WNDA3100 and Linksys WRT600N, configure your Linksys router to use a higher channel number on the wide channel when operating in 40MHz channel. Set the wide channel to “46” and the standard channel to “44 – 5.220GHz” to see the maximum 5GHz performance between WNDA3100 and WRT600N.	1
Why do i experienced low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100 and linksys wrt600n?	* For each PL1000 device, press its security button for more than 2 seconds, then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink.	0
Why do i experienced low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100 and linksys wrt600n?	The R7300 DST comes with a 1 year warranty which is handled by GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for warranty assistance.	0
Why do i experienced low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100 and linksys wrt600n?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why do i experienced low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100 and linksys wrt600n?	QoS stands for Quality of Service. It’s the ability in a router to differentiate Internet traffic by type—such as video, voice and data—and assign different priority to that traffic to maximize available bandwidth. With basic QoS, streaming content—like videos or games—gets higher priority over lighter traffic like email or chat sites.	0
Why do i experienced low 5ghz performance at times between wnda3100 and linksys wrt600n?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Why do i get lower throughput? i also have some dead spots at my home.	There are some approaches.	1
Why do i get lower throughput? i also have some dead spots at my home.	* Each Ethernet port has one LED.	0
Why do i get lower throughput? i also have some dead spots at my home.	The key benefits of beamforming are:	0
Why do i get lower throughput? i also have some dead spots at my home.	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why do i get lower throughput? i also have some dead spots at my home.	Yes. R6300 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
Why do i get lower throughput? i also have some dead spots at my home.	QoS service works like dividing a cake among all of the guests. The total size of the cake must be known first, before a fair sharing could happen. It is recommended to use “speedtest” for more accurate internet bandwidth detection, in order to have a more optimal Dynamic QoS experience. If you Internet bandwidth changes frequently, you can run “speedtest” once a while to adjust the total bandwidth setting.	0
Why do i get stuck in the remote dst installation step of r7300 installation?	When you start the installation R7300DST through genie, be sure to plug the DST6501 into the wall power outlet. This ensures the DST network between the R7300 and DST6501 is connected successfully.	1
Why do i get stuck in the remote dst installation step of r7300 installation?	* Check the LED on the front panel of the Digital Entertainer HD to make sure the power is on. Make sure the television is turned on. If the LED on the front panel is not on push “power” on the remote and / or make sure the unit is plugged in.	0
Why do i get stuck in the remote dst installation step of r7300 installation?	PVSTP is based on 802.1s and PVRSTP is based on 802.1w. When a switch running PVRSTP receives PVSTP BPDU, then the switch falls back to the lower version (PVSTP) after its migration-delay timer expires.	0
Why do i get stuck in the remote dst installation step of r7300 installation?	Unfortunately, the WNR2000v5 does not support jumbo frames.	0
Why do i get stuck in the remote dst installation step of r7300 installation?	M6100-3S distributed fabric speed is 480 Gbps inter-module. Each slot provides 8 x 10G unidirectional access to the backplane (80G half-duplex and 160G full-duplex per slot).	0
Why do i get stuck in the remote dst installation step of r7300 installation?	Yes, the PL1200 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
Why do i have to use 5ghz wi-fi channel 153?	Any 5GHz Wi-Fi channels at 149 and above is recommended for use as they can support better Wi-Fi range and performance.	1
Why do i have to use 5ghz wi-fi channel 153?	Yes. Please download the Desktop genie from here:	0
Why do i have to use 5ghz wi-fi channel 153?	Yes, the WNR2000v4 supports WPS. You can use the hardware button located in front or use the WPS using the wizard on the NETGEAR genie.	0
Why do i have to use 5ghz wi-fi channel 153?	The table below describes the Power/Test LED (the first LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	0
Why do i have to use 5ghz wi-fi channel 153?	NO! The DST6501 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
Why do i have to use 5ghz wi-fi channel 153?	"If the online LED on the front panel is lit, it means that the cable router is online. You can also check the online status with a browser in the routers GUI by logging in to [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) Check the Status of Network Access.  ""ALLOWED"" means the cable router is online."	0
Why do i lose internet connection without plugging out wnda4100 in win7?	One possible root cause is because the USB selective suspend. USB Specification has power save mechanism called USB selective suspend. If a USB device is idle for a long time, the USB device may go to USB selective suspend. If WNDA4100 enters USB selective suspend mode, it will disconnects the Internet. Win7 OS’s default setting is “on”. You can disable this feature in the Win7.	1
Why do i lose internet connection without plugging out wnda4100 in win7?	The power consumption is 9.49W	0
Why do i lose internet connection without plugging out wnda4100 in win7?	Sometimes the spotlight channels do not work due to the channel partner having revised their web site. We will keep monitoring and improving the channels to minimize the effects of these changes.	0
Why do i lose internet connection without plugging out wnda4100 in win7?	This is a bug in the Setup CD which sets the Internet connection idle timeout to 5 minutes. To remove the idle timeout, log into the Basic Settings page and change the Idle Timeout to zero minutes. If you didn't use the Setup CD to configure your device you will not see the problem.	0
Why do i lose internet connection without plugging out wnda4100 in win7?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why do i lose internet connection without plugging out wnda4100 in win7?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Why do i need a readynas?	ReadyNAS devices can service multiple needs. The most common uses in business are backup, file server, and virtualization. You can safely backup all your data from any computer to the ReadyNAS. The ReadyNAS even provides options to copy data to another off-site ReadyNAS for disaster recovery in case of fires, floods, or other disasters or copy data to the cloud. File Servers are efficient ways to share data among employees, customers, and partners. No more emailing files back and forth. As businesses grow and start to host their own servers onsite, virtualization becomes a must to achieve high efficiency. ReadyNAS is certified with VMware, Citrix, and Hyper-V.	1
Why do i need a readynas?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks; this takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
Why do i need a readynas?	The 20/40MHz Connection is enabled. This is a feature on the router to make the 2.4GHz frequency connection become more stable on the router since there is a lot of interference when using this frequency. You can enable/disable this feature by going to Advanced > Advanced Setup > Wireless Settings.	0
Why do i need a readynas?	The WNA3100 is a single band USB adapter that complies with the official 802.11n 2.0 specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz frequency and works with 802.11b/g, and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNA3100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 300Mbps with 11n HT40 supporting wireless routers and access points. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop. You can also use the plastic adapter cradle in the package to extend the wireless range of your adapter and obtain better wireless reception.	0
Why do i need a readynas?	Yes.	0
Why do i need a readynas?	1. Check if an update is available from the Internet.	0
Why do i need an internet connection to set up my stora?	The Stora setup requires an Internet connection to register your Stora name, user name and password to our central server. Your user credentials are needed to log in to your Stora locally or remotely.	1
Why do i need an internet connection to set up my stora?	Yes, the recovery procedure is :	0
Why do i need an internet connection to set up my stora?	Closing the laptop lid may put the system to sleep or turn it off and, as a result, close the connection. To change this, from Windows select Start > Search, type Closing the lid in the search field, and change the settings to do nothing.	0
Why do i need an internet connection to set up my stora?	No, the R7300 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
Why do i need an internet connection to set up my stora?	"Refer to quick installation guide(IG) or hardware manual for detailed instruction. 3.5"" drive is mounted by plastic bracket(therefore tool-less). Press and hold slide lock on tray handle to unlock plastic bracket. 2.5"" drive is mounted by screws which are included in RDD516 package. Plastic mounting bracket needs to be taken out before mounting 2.5"" SSD/HDD drive."	0
Why do i need an internet connection to set up my stora?	DGN3500 is based on the new 802.11n technology with provides much faster speeds (Up to 2x) and better range (up to 20%) than your old Wireless-G Router.	0
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	1
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	You cannot disable standby mode (sleep mode). There are no plans add this feature at this time.	0
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	R6300 Wi-Fi Router and A6200 USB Wi-Fi adapter support Beamforming+ through firmware upgrade. R6200, R6250, D6300 & D6200 also support Beamforming+. Firmware upgrades are available now. Beamforming+ is enabled by default.	0
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	To play all the files in a list, press the PLAY/PAUSE button on the remote control. Pressing the OK button will only play the selected file.	0
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear product?	We recommend the following Netgear SFP modules:	0
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and imiproved features to your product.	1
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear router?	You can have more than one Extender connection to your Router network, however you cannot daisy chain your additional Extenders. Daisy chaining is not officially supported and will affect performance for client devices connected to the second Extender in the chain.	0
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear router?	J9099B          100BASE-BX10-D  HP® X112 100M SFP LC BX-D Transceiver Yes                 No	0
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear router?	"The Port-based QoS of XAV2602 allows users to prioritize the traffic by simply plugging a device into the ""Video"" or ""Data"" ports of this product. The ""Video"" port is suitable for connecting to an HD / media streaming server, and the ""Data"" port is suitable for connecting to a PC."	0
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear router?	Wireless isolation is no longer an option on the R7000.	0
Why do i need to always have the latest firmware on my netgear router?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV5201 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Why do i need transmit power control?	Precision RF engineering has made it capable for the WNDR3700 to extend the range of 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz network to the limits. While this router is great to use in large homes and range challenge settings, you might not need the benefit of the highest range the router is capable off.	1
Why do i need transmit power control?	No. The Push ‘N’ Connect button can only be used to connect the PC to the WiFi Booster. See more instructions below.	0
Why do i need transmit power control?	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	0
Why do i need transmit power control?	That means Nighthawk X6 Tri-Band Router does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. Please try to plug the USB storage device into other USB port, and see if it works.	0
Why do i need transmit power control?	The frequencies used by XAVB2001 are in the range of 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
Why do i need transmit power control?	NETGEAR WNR2000v2 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	0
Why do i only see 65mbps rate on the netgear user interface? shouldn’t it be higher?	One possibility is that you didn’t set your AP/Router to “Up to 300Mbps” or “20/40MHz” or “Auto” mode. The max link rate of WNA1100 is 150Mbps at 40MHz mode because of this is 1 x 1 solution.	1
Why do i only see 65mbps rate on the netgear user interface? shouldn’t it be higher?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
Why do i only see 65mbps rate on the netgear user interface? shouldn’t it be higher?	Our XAVB1101 is compatible with all of our 200 Mbps Home Plug AV products and our 500 Mbps Home Plug AV Products. For example XAVB2001, XAVB1004, XAVB5001, XAVB5501, and XAVB101. It is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps powerline products like XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	0
Why do i only see 65mbps rate on the netgear user interface? shouldn’t it be higher?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
Why do i only see 65mbps rate on the netgear user interface? shouldn’t it be higher?	The following figures are maximum power consumption (measured in full load, at AC 240V input).	0
Why do i only see 65mbps rate on the netgear user interface? shouldn’t it be higher?	You can use a web browser to access the unit and change its settings. You can access it in one of two ways from a web browser: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) or [http://routerlogin.net](http://routerlogin.net). The login name is “admin” (without the double quotes) and the password is “password” (without the double quotes).	0
Why do some internet radio stations only play audio through the stereo outputs and not the digital outputs?	Many audio receivers do not support digital audio below 96Kbps, so the workaround is for the user to connect the analog audio outputs of the EVA8000 to the analog inputs of their receiver. Switch the audio receiver to this input when listening to low bitrate audio.	1
Why do some internet radio stations only play audio through the stereo outputs and not the digital outputs?	"This is a brand new 10 Gigabit Ethernet ""ProSAFE Plus Switch"". It supports eight 100/1000/10000 Mbps RJ45 ports with one combo port supporting 10 Gigabit SFP+ fiber."	0
Why do some internet radio stations only play audio through the stereo outputs and not the digital outputs?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
Why do some internet radio stations only play audio through the stereo outputs and not the digital outputs?	[How can I setup my ReadyNAS for FTP access over the Internet?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21480)	0
Why do some internet radio stations only play audio through the stereo outputs and not the digital outputs?	Yes, R7300 supports the VLAN feature for internal VLAN separation.	0
Why do some internet radio stations only play audio through the stereo outputs and not the digital outputs?	The router boosts Wi-Fi speeds on 2.4GHz with support for 256 QAM. 256 QAM is a specific mode supported by 802.11ac chipset manufacturers such as Broadcom. We expect more and more Wi-Fi clients with the 802.11ac chipset to support this mode. This will help ensure when you connect to the 2.4GHz band with 802.11ac devices you have a 33% faster connection.	0
Why do text and graphics look blurry or fuzzy on the tv?	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TVs is recommended for the best viewing experience.	1
Why do text and graphics look blurry or fuzzy on the tv?	The extender cannot check to see if the WEP passphrase is correct. If you entered the wrong passphrase, your wireless device is not able to get the IP address from the extender. You must reset the extender to the factory defaults to get the IP address back.	0
Why do text and graphics look blurry or fuzzy on the tv?	Please connect to WN31000RPT through wired, and login at [http://mywifiext.net](http://mywifiext.net), and check the wireless setting page. If you still cannot access WN31000RP, please reset WN31000RP back to factory default.	0
Why do text and graphics look blurry or fuzzy on the tv?	Yes, the Night Vision Camera is compatible with the Outdoor Shell (VZMS2050, sold separately.)	0
Why do text and graphics look blurry or fuzzy on the tv?	"The remote control button usage depends on the channel you are viewing. UP/DOWN/LEFT/RIGHT/OK and ""HOME"" buttons are the common remote control buttons. The red/green/yellow/blue remote control buttons are used by VUDU, Napster, firmware upgrade notifications and network configuration. Please follow the on screen notes to use those buttons."	0
Why do text and graphics look blurry or fuzzy on the tv?	XAV1201 does not support power saving mode. It only build in power off mode.	0
Why do the spotlight channels not always work?	Sometimes the spotlight channels do not work due to the channel partner having revised their web site. We will keep monitoring and improving the channels to minimize the effects of these changes.	1
Why do the spotlight channels not always work?	We recommend the following NETGEAR SFP modules: AGM731F, AGM732F, AGM734, AXM761, AXM762, and AXM763.	0
Why do the spotlight channels not always work?	You can control the NTV550 from your PC or any connected device with a Web browser:	0
Why do the spotlight channels not always work?	The networking kit (WNHDEB111) or the single unit (WNHDE111) either in Access Point or Bridge mode will work with any 5 GHz Wireless-N enabled devices or Ethernet enabled device like Xbox, PlayStation, Wii , TiVo HD, Slingbox, digital set-top boxes, NETGEAR’s Digital Entertainer HD, Apple TV, network attached storage (NAS), and more.	0
Why do the spotlight channels not always work?	* Works only with a Verizon Wireless 4G LTE service plan subscription.	0
Why do the spotlight channels not always work?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
Why do we need to setup total bandwidth before enabling the dynamic qos feature?	QoS service works like dividing a cake among all of the guests. The total size of the cake must be known first, before a fair sharing could happen. It is recommended to use “speedtest” for more accurate internet bandwidth detection, in order to have a more optimal Dynamic QoS experience. If you Internet bandwidth changes frequently, you can run “speedtest” once a while to adjust the total bandwidth setting.	1
Why do we need to setup total bandwidth before enabling the dynamic qos feature?	"When a 200 Mbps product is ""talking"" to a 500 mbps product, the 200 mbps throughput is maximum."	0
Why do we need to setup total bandwidth before enabling the dynamic qos feature?	To get the fastest performance with port aggregation, for wired connections use Ethernet port 3 for the first computer, and use Ethernet port 4, 5, or 6 for the second computer. This will allow for speeds up to 2 Gbps with port aggregation. The maximum speed between 4, 5, and 6 is limited to 1Gbps.	0
Why do we need to setup total bandwidth before enabling the dynamic qos feature?	The maximum number of music files supported is 10,000. Please keep in mind that the only music files are supported.	0
Why do we need to setup total bandwidth before enabling the dynamic qos feature?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
Why do we need to setup total bandwidth before enabling the dynamic qos feature?	Currently, the C6300 Cable Modem Router is only available for retail in the US only.	0
Why do you call it 3dhd?	The WNHDB3004 is capable of streaming multiple 1080P throughout a single family home. Today a lot of TVs are 3D and the bandwidth requirement goes higher when you are streaming 3D content over wireless as 3D HD streams which implies Two 1080P streams, one for each eye.	1
Why do you call it 3dhd?	* Press the Security button of one of the XAVB2101 units for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Why do you call it 3dhd?	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that both the router link LED and the client link LED are lit and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](www.mywifiext.net).	0
Why do you call it 3dhd?	WNCE4004 supports connection of up to 4 Ethernet enabled devices at WiFi speed of 450Mbps on the 2.4GHz band or 450Mbps on the 5GHz band.	0
Why do you call it 3dhd?	No, PLW1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
Why do you call it 3dhd?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300 link at 144mbps with wnr1500 at channel 12 and 13, but channel 1~11 can link up to 300mbps?	Centrino WiFi link 5300 supports HT40 and HT20 from Channel 1~11, but only supports HT20 at Channel 12 and 13.	1
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300 link at 144mbps with wnr1500 at channel 12 and 13, but channel 1~11 can link up to 300mbps?	Currently the EVA 8000 supports the following container formats: AVI, DivX, Xvid WMV, MOV, VOB, MPG, MP1, MP2, MP4, ISO, IFO, M4V.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300 link at 144mbps with wnr1500 at channel 12 and 13, but channel 1~11 can link up to 300mbps?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300 link at 144mbps with wnr1500 at channel 12 and 13, but channel 1~11 can link up to 300mbps?	D500 provides a simplified version of repeater function. It connects to its uplink router like a client connects to a router. Below are the steps:	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300 link at 144mbps with wnr1500 at channel 12 and 13, but channel 1~11 can link up to 300mbps?	Yes, GSS108E and GS116E support Flow Control.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300 link at 144mbps with wnr1500 at channel 12 and 13, but channel 1~11 can link up to 300mbps?	No. The GTV100 does not support HDCP.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr1500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 300Mbps link rate.	1
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr1500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	In Web Security > HTTP & HTTPS > URL Filtering, block all URLs while allowing the user login link to be on the resulting page.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr1500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr1500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	First you need to know if the telephone service is provided to you through digital VoIP (Voice over IP). If the telephone service is provided to you via VoIP, you need to use the Gateway Router from the service provider. An easy way to tell is by looking at the Gateway Router from the Service Provider and see if there is a phone jack to the phone (as opposed to the phone jack to the wall).	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr1500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	With many Internet Service Providers now restricting the maximum allowable traffic per month, many customers find out the hard way that their Internet usage exceeds what’s allowed by the ISP and as a result having to pay premium for over-usage.With Broadband Usage Meter, the router sends an warning to you indicating that you are close to reaching the limit.The generation of the warning message is customizable in the GUI and with this feature you are now safe from being surprised at the end of the month when the bill arrives.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr1500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline Configuration utility.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	1
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	* [ReadyDR FAQ](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/31224)	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	Please login into the genie GUI first, then select “ADVANCED” tab, then click “Administration”, followed by “Set Password”. After the new password has been entered, please click the “Apply” button to save it.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	1. Verify the DSL LED is solid white before starting the setup wizard. If the DSL LED is not solid white, make sure the DSL cable is connected to the DSL RJ11 port of the D7000 modem router.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TV is commended for the best viewing experience.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr500 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	It should be able to support the hub if the drive has an external power supply as if it has multiple drives. The Nighthawk X6 might not be able to supply the power to those drives. That means the R7900 support multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr612v2 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	Intel Centrino WiFi link 5300/5100/4965 driver only supports 11g mode (54Mbps) when security setting is WEP or WPA-PSK. It's recommended to use WPA2-PSK as security to reach 150Mbps link rate.	1
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr612v2 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr612v2 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	* LED indication	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr612v2 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	Currently, the WDS/Repeater mode feature can only be supported without security. Therefore, we have removed this feature from the R8000.	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr612v2 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	Yes, the Mobile Hotspot is secure.Only users with the Wi-Fi key can connect over Wi-Fi, and Wi-Fi security is pre-set to mixed WPA/WPA2	0
Why does my centrino wifi link 5300/5100/4965 link up to 54mpbs with wnr612v2 while security setting is wep or wpa-psk?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why does my routers attached devices page display duplicate mac addresses with a different ip from the extenders connected clients?	This is correct as per the extenders design algorithm. All clients connected to the extender will get DHCP IP from the router via the extenders virtual mac address.	1
Why does my routers attached devices page display duplicate mac addresses with a different ip from the extenders connected clients?	ReadyNAS Vault uses the port 443, the standard https port. So, as long as you can browse the web securely, no new ports need to be opened.	0
Why does my routers attached devices page display duplicate mac addresses with a different ip from the extenders connected clients?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Why does my routers attached devices page display duplicate mac addresses with a different ip from the extenders connected clients?	The R7300 DST comes with 1 year of support from GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for assistance.	0
Why does my routers attached devices page display duplicate mac addresses with a different ip from the extenders connected clients?	Stick a paper clip into the reset hole on the back of the unit and hold it until the Extender status LED flashes amber.	0
Why does my routers attached devices page display duplicate mac addresses with a different ip from the extenders connected clients?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why does my throughput gets cut in half when connecting pr2000 thru a hotspot?	"PR2000 adopts one single channel that act as an ""Access Point"" and ""Wireless client"" at the same time when enabled to Hotspot mode. Theoretically, the throughput will be cut in half when compared to wireless throughput of PR2000 in Router mode."	1
Why does my throughput gets cut in half when connecting pr2000 thru a hotspot?	* Dual Band mode: Duo 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz configuration supporting 802.11n/802.11a (5 GHz) and 802.11g/ 802.11b (2.4 GHz)	0
Why does my throughput gets cut in half when connecting pr2000 thru a hotspot?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Why does my throughput gets cut in half when connecting pr2000 thru a hotspot?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why does my throughput gets cut in half when connecting pr2000 thru a hotspot?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline AV utility.	0
Why does my throughput gets cut in half when connecting pr2000 thru a hotspot?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Why does my wndr4500 is unable to scan and recognize all media files attached to the usb drive?	The DLNA feature on WNDR4500 can only support up to 25,000 files. Please reduce the number of files on the USB drive so the router can properly scan the files.	1
Why does my wndr4500 is unable to scan and recognize all media files attached to the usb drive?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push ‘N’ Connect button:	0
Why does my wndr4500 is unable to scan and recognize all media files attached to the usb drive?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAV5001 Configuration utility.	0
Why does my wndr4500 is unable to scan and recognize all media files attached to the usb drive?	Yes. All three VueZone mounts (wall, window, table) are compatible with the Night Vision Camera.	0
Why does my wndr4500 is unable to scan and recognize all media files attached to the usb drive?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold today by NETGEAR today -- Homeplug 1.0 (including the XE102G, XE102, WGXB102, WGX102);	0
Why does my wndr4500 is unable to scan and recognize all media files attached to the usb drive?	"Please login to the Genie GUI first, then select ""ADVANCED"" tab, then click ""Administration"", ""Set Password"" menu. After entering in the new password, please click the ""Apply"" button for it to take effect."	0
Why does netgear wndr3300/wnr3500 have 8 internal smart antennas?	NETGEAR’s unique RANGEMAX technology on WNDR3300 and WNR3500 uses 8 internal smart antennas to provide a better networking experience for customers. First, by placing the antennas internal, not external, there is no risk of breaking them, and nothing for a customer to adjust. Second, with 8 antennas, NETGEAR can combine the signals from multiple antennas to deliver a stronger signal. The result is an attractive, durable, high performance wireless router.	1
Why does netgear wndr3300/wnr3500 have 8 internal smart antennas?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why does netgear wndr3300/wnr3500 have 8 internal smart antennas?	 Yes.	0
Why does netgear wndr3300/wnr3500 have 8 internal smart antennas?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR genie configuration utility.	0
Why does netgear wndr3300/wnr3500 have 8 internal smart antennas?	There is a USB port on the back side of R6250; it's a USB 3.0 port. You could use the USB port to connect your USB drive, HD, or Ready SHARE printer. The USB 3.0 read/write speed is 2-3 times faster than USB2.0 port.	0
Why does netgear wndr3300/wnr3500 have 8 internal smart antennas?	No, WN111v2 does not support Windows 98 and Windows ME.	0
Why does some ssid won’t show up in my wireless scan?	Some older wireless client configuration utility may not be able to handle multiple SSID correctly. You may either upgrade to the later driver for the wireless client or use Windows resident wireless configuration utility instead.	1
Why does some ssid won’t show up in my wireless scan?	The frequencies used by XAVB5501 are in the range of 2MHz to 70MHz.	0
Why does some ssid won’t show up in my wireless scan?	Your media may have copy protection mechanisms preventing playback on Intel Wireless Display.	0
Why does some ssid won’t show up in my wireless scan?	Each Ethernet port has two LEDs located on the left side of the unit.	0
Why does some ssid won’t show up in my wireless scan?	"* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Restore Factory Settings"" button located on the rear panel of the router for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber."	0
Why does some ssid won’t show up in my wireless scan?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS, and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Why does the bandwidth statistics not updating on its own?	Your router needs to do lots of computation to provide you with detailed real time bandwidth statistics for each connected device and applications running on them. To minimize the impact on other router features and functionalities, it is designed to provide statistics on a request/update basis. Please click the  REFRESH button on  ATTACHED DEVICES page to update your bandwidth statistics.	1
Why does the bandwidth statistics not updating on its own?	If you have setup multiple users on one computer and you accessed a share folder in WNR2200 then switch to another user account on same computer > you may encounter a problem accessing a share folder in WNR2200 USB port. This is Windows authority behavior. It keeps the existing authority and blocks another user account. The solution for this problem is either:	0
Why does the bandwidth statistics not updating on its own?	Environmental factors, Operational overhead, differences between different transport standards (UDP vs. TCP vs. WFT) and the way each standard optimizes the data overhead (typically for error handling).	0
Why does the bandwidth statistics not updating on its own?	No, PLP1200 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
Why does the bandwidth statistics not updating on its own?	* Don’t hide your WNCE2001 device at the back of your TV or back of the entertainment center. Move it out to get better performance.	0
Why does the bandwidth statistics not updating on its own?	No. NETGEAR Manageable switches does support it.	0
"Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can't use those channels.	1
"Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	0
"Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
"Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	The EVA8000 can access your PC, Mac, Linux or NAS servers directly. The EVA8000 doesn't require ANY UPnP server (except for DRM content) and we recommend that you do not use UPnP, since this will be slower and make several features not work as well.	0
"Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	First, look at the power LED on the front panel of the devices. Both units should be lit solid green or fast blinking. If the bridge side is not connected to the AP, the bridge unit will blink 3 times and repeat that pattern. Once the bridge LED shows connected to AP, you can use the “Config Assistant” tool to find all WNHDE111 devices that are connected in the network. If you bought a bundle, they should connect with each other out of box after plugging one to the router. If the two devices do not connect to each other, press the WPS button on both units (within 2 minutes of the first press), they should connect to each other in a few minutes.	0
"Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	ReadyNAS Vault will first require you to register for an account here: [http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs](http://www.readynasvault.com/cloudfs)/. (Free trials are available.) Once registered, you can enable the ReadyNAS Vault and log into the application. More details can be found here: [https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started](https://support.readynasvault.com/hc/en-us/sections/201907386-Getting-Started)	0
Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	1
Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	If your USB HDD is self-powered and uses more than 750mA of power, this could be the reason. Please verify that your USB HDD is within the specs since it is self-powered or try using a USB HDD with an external power supply.	0
Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	When the power light is on, you can push and hold the reset button at the real panel for 2 seconds and then release the button. Do NOT hold the button for more than 10 seconds, and that will cause the router to restore to the factory default.	0
Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	"The default encryption key is ""HomePlugAV""."	0
Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
Why does the dgnd3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601, XAV1401 and XAV1301 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
Why does the dgnd3800b only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3800B firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	1
Why does the dgnd3800b only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	The R7300 DST comes with 1 year of support from GeekSquad. Call 1-800-GeekSquad (1-800-433-5778) for assistance.	0
Why does the dgnd3800b only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	* [Set Network Access Rights to Shared Folders](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/26453)	0
Why does the dgnd3800b only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Why does the dgnd3800b only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	[How well does ReadyNAS work in a Mac environment?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21515)	0
Why does the dgnd3800b only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Switching ISP has nothing to do with projection. The problem might be due to copyrights protection.	0
Why does the hdmi pass through require the neotv prime to be on?	Currently the NeoTV PRIME needs to be on in order to watch a set top box program through Live TV. NETGEAR is currently working on a new feature to support the pass through mode without having to turn on the NeoTV PRIME.	1
Why does the hdmi pass through require the neotv prime to be on?	ReadyNAS devices can service multiple needs. The most common uses in business are backup, file server, and virtualization. You can safely backup all your data from any computer to the ReadyNAS. The ReadyNAS even provides options to copy data to another off-site ReadyNAS for disaster recovery in case of fires, floods, or other disasters or copy data to the cloud. File Servers are efficient ways to share data among employees, customers, and partners. No more emailing files back and forth. As businesses grow and start to host their own servers onsite, virtualization becomes a must to achieve high efficiency. ReadyNAS is certified with VMware, Citrix, and Hyper-V.	0
Why does the hdmi pass through require the neotv prime to be on?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and you could access the printer wired or wirelessly.	0
Why does the hdmi pass through require the neotv prime to be on?	[How can I disable private home shares?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21457)	0
Why does the hdmi pass through require the neotv prime to be on?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Why does the hdmi pass through require the neotv prime to be on?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on. We can also tune these channels to make sure they don't interfere with other RF signals – like Amateur Ham Radio operators – in effect, notching out those frequencies from use (effectively using only 917 of the 1155). This reduces overall throughput, but ensures that we don't impact HAM Radio communications.	0
Why does the new hardware found wizard appear again after i unplug and plug the wn111v2 again?	The new hardware found wizard will appear when you plug in the WN111v2 adapter into another USB port (Your laptop may have more than one USB port). Please use the same USB port if you want to retain the same settings and profiles.	1
Why does the new hardware found wizard appear again after i unplug and plug the wn111v2 again?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PLP1200 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Why does the new hardware found wizard appear again after i unplug and plug the wn111v2 again?	The DLNA feature on WNDR4500 can only support up to 25,000 files. Please reduce the number of files on the USB drive so the router can properly scan the files.	0
Why does the new hardware found wizard appear again after i unplug and plug the wn111v2 again?	The R8000 uses 12v-5A power supply. The maximum power draw could be up to 60 watts. However, the usage can be lower due to the number of devices connected to ti and the functionality that is running on the router. Not to mention, the router has many power savings features that can help reduce power consumption such as green power supply, auto-sensing gigabit Ethernet ports, wireless On/Off switch, and wireless scheduling.	0
Why does the new hardware found wizard appear again after i unplug and plug the wn111v2 again?	* For each PLP1200 device, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Why does the new hardware found wizard appear again after i unplug and plug the wn111v2 again?	Yes. The XWN5001 adapter supports power saving mode function. By default the power saving mode function of XWN5001 WiFi AP is disabled.	0
Why does the no signal icon display?	If the No Signal icon displays on either the LCD or the hotspot web page, the hotspot is in a zero coverage area and is not connected to the mobile broadband network. Make sure that you are in Sprint LTE coverage.	1
Why does the no signal icon display?	The ADSL throughput is comparable. The WiFi throughput is comparable, and the number of WiFi devices that can be connected is comparable. The difference is in the number Ethernet ports that are available. Furthermore, the D1500 does not have USB port, as does DGN2200.	0
Why does the no signal icon display?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX7000 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	0
Why does the no signal icon display?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why does the no signal icon display?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
Why does the no signal icon display?	N+1 redundancy is provided when one power supply is in standby mode. There are four PSU slots in M6100-3S base chassis, so minimum two power supplies are required for N+1 mode. Four additional PSU slots can be added with RPS4000v2 external power supply bay. In that case, N+1 mode is available across the eight unified PSU slots.	0
Why does the wndr3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR3700 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	1
Why does the wndr3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	It currently does not support multi pvc as described. It may be a product limitation of NETGEAR home devices at the moment.	0
Why does the wndr3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	The antennas are 3 dBi.	0
Why does the wndr3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	This means that either the Utility is not installed correctly, the driver is not installed correctly, or the computer is not recognizing the adapter.	0
Why does the wndr3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	We don’t suggest it but you can use other USB3.0 cable to connect A6210 to your computer. there are something important to highlight that 1. Please don’t use USB2.0 cable. If you use USB2.0 cable, A6210 can’t function as USB3.0 device. 2. Please don’t use too long USB3.0 cable because it will make too large voltage drop to let computer can’t detect A6210.	0
Why does the wndr3700 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Any number of devices can be connected wirelessly to the router; however, performance might noticeably decrease with each additional device. Three to five devices should be able to use the same wireless connection without a noticeable decrease in network responsiveness.	0
Why does the wndr3800 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR3800 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	1
Why does the wndr3800 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	* DG834Nv2 has added a pushbutton on the front panel for Wi-Fi Protected Setup, also referred to as “Push “N” Connect”.	0
Why does the wndr3800 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and imiproved features to your product.	0
Why does the wndr3800 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Why does the wndr3800 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why does the wndr3800 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at “up to 300mbps”?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting XE103s to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
"Why does the wndr4300 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, only 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 450mbps""?"	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR4300 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can't use those channels.	1
"Why does the wndr4300 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, only 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 450mbps""?"	Please connect to EX2700 through wired, and login at http://www.mywifiext.net, and check the wireless setting page.If you still cannot access the extender, please reset it back to factory default.	0
"Why does the wndr4300 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, only 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 450mbps""?"	LTE (Long Term Evolution) is the next generation of wireless which uses an IP (Internet Protocol) based infrastructure. LTE will help enable Wireless Services to continue to meet increasing customer demands for a higher bandwidth, low latency service that works broadly in the United States and globally. Also, a majority of carriers around the world have chosen LTE as their long term direction. This will help Wireless meet consumer demand for mobilizing the many applications consumers frequently use when tethered to high-bandwidth wired networks.	0
"Why does the wndr4300 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, only 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 450mbps""?"	For assistance in securing your wireless network, see [Securing your wireless network using WPA2](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/112)	0
"Why does the wndr4300 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, only 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 450mbps""?"	You need a base station to connect Arlo Wire-Free cameras. You don't need a base station with Arlo Q cameras. Arlo Q cameras connect directly to your Wi-Fi router.	0
"Why does the wndr4300 only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, only 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 450mbps""?"	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
"Why does the wndrmac only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDRMAC firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can't use those channels.	1
"Why does the wndrmac only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR genie configuration utility.	0
"Why does the wndrmac only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	0
"Why does the wndrmac only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. GSS116E supports the Auto DoS but GSS108E doesn’t.	0
"Why does the wndrmac only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input (Please refer to the product label). The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 7 seconds to bring the unit to factory default settings.	0
"Why does the wndrmac only support 4 channels in 5ghz if the wireless region is europe, 8 channels if wireless region is united states at ""up to 300mbps""?"	Please make sure the wireless LED is on from front panel of DGND3800B.	0
Why i can't find the correct set top box model information during the initialize setup?	NETGEAR keeps improving the supported set top box information, but if you cannot find the correct codes during first time setup, Please skip this setting and finish the setup. As we add new firmware upgrades, we will continue to improve the supported set top boxes, which might include support for your model set top box.	1
Why i can't find the correct set top box model information during the initialize setup?	The USB connection only works with USB Storage devices that DO NOT have an internal USB hub. The file formats recognized are FAT, FAT32, NTFS, Mac OS X (HFS+, not older HFS), and ext2/3 formatted drives.	0
Why i can't find the correct set top box model information during the initialize setup?	Yes, the R6400 supports IPv6.	0
Why i can't find the correct set top box model information during the initialize setup?	If you want to connect a third device in your bedroom to the network, simply buy a WNHDE111 unit, push the WPS button on the unit connected to your router and within 2 min, push the WPS button on the new unit. The devices exchange all the SSID and security information automatically and get connected. WPS is based on a standard by WiFi Alliance and will be available in many client devices. WNHDE111 Push ’N’ Connect function is already WPS certified and works with other WPS certified APs or clients.	0
Why i can't find the correct set top box model information during the initialize setup?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Why i can't find the correct set top box model information during the initialize setup?	DGND3700v2 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Why i can't play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	Apple Remote is not designed to play music locally. It is designed just as a remote control to play music to airplay devices. If you want to use Apple Remote with the NETGEAR iTunes Server, make sure you have an airplay device ready, such as Apple TV or airplay ready receivers.	1
Why i can't play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	The Stora setup requires an Internet connection to register your Stora name, user name and password to our central server. Your user credentials are needed to log in to your Stora locally or remotely.	0
Why i can't play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	You must have already installed the printer driver on each computer you want to use with the printer.	0
Why i can't play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Why i can't play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	No, the NETGEAR Mobile Hotspot (AC762S) will only work in Europe, specifically it has been successfully tested in Italy, France, Germany, and UK.	0
Why i can't play music on my iphone and ipad from itunes server using apple remote?	First you need to know if the telephone service is provided to you through digital VoIP (Voice over IP). If the telephone service is provided to you via VoIP, you need to use the Gateway Router from the service provider. An easy way to tell is by looking at the Gateway Router from the Service Provider and see if there is a phone jack to the phone (as opposed to the phone jack to the wall).	0
Why i cannot click and activate netflix using the mouse pointer?	"Netflix channel can only be used and accessed using the D-PAD mode (Up/Down/Left/Right/OK). You will not be able to use the Touch Pad (mouse/mouse click) mode to control and navigate the Netflix channel. When using the Touch Pad mode, you will no longer be able to see the mouse pointer but instead you will see a ""stop"" icon (circle with a line). When using Netflix, please turn of the Touch Pad by pressing any one of the Up/Down/Left/Right button."	1
Why i cannot click and activate netflix using the mouse pointer?	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	0
Why i cannot click and activate netflix using the mouse pointer?	Make sure you are on a PC that is connected to the WiFi Booster network. In your browser, type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET, as illustrated in Step 4 on the first page of this Installation Guide. If you still cannot access the WiFi Booster, close your browser. Then open a new browser and type the URL  HTTP://WWW.MYWIFIEXT.NET.	0
Why i cannot click and activate netflix using the mouse pointer?	PR2000 is a multi-purposed wireless router, which supports: router, access point, wireless hotspot, and extender modes.	0
Why i cannot click and activate netflix using the mouse pointer?	* Green: The link rate is faster than 80 Mbps.	0
Why i cannot click and activate netflix using the mouse pointer?	Yes the app can be downloaded from Apple Appstore or Google Play. For more details, see [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx).	0
Why is dgn3500 better than my older wireless router i have?	DGN3500 is based on the new 802.11n technology with provides much faster speeds (Up to 2x) and better range (up to 20%) than your old Wireless-G Router.	1
Why is dgn3500 better than my older wireless router i have?	NETGEAR WNR2000v3 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	0
Why is dgn3500 better than my older wireless router i have?	No SDK at this time.	0
Why is dgn3500 better than my older wireless router i have?	Yes, the XAVB5101 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
Why is dgn3500 better than my older wireless router i have?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The newest and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is dgn3500 better than my older wireless router i have?	We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good connection?	Because data traffic routed through the Extender network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing network if the connection is good enough. NETGEAR recommends that you only connect through the Extender network when the PC is in a “dead zone” where connection is very poor or non-existent from the existing network.	1
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good connection?	If your device connected to LAN port is fast Ethernet, 10/100Mbps, you will see green color on LAN port LED.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good connection?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good connection?	Factory reset can be accomplished by holding the hardware reset button for one second or using the software Factory Reset button via the NETGEAR genie.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good connection?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good connection?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX6200 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	Because data traffic routed through the Extender network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing	1
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	Only Android and iOS apps are currently available.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5601 Configuration utility.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	By default, the NETGEAR Powerline device and XWN5021 use the same Powerline encryption key, so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the extender when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	The antenna gain of these 3 external antennas is  5DBI in 2.4GHz.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the wifi booster when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	Because data traffic routed through the WiFi Booster network is inherently slower than traffic routed directly from the existing network, the PC should stay on the existing network if the connection is good enough. NETGEAR only recommends that you connect through the WiFi Booster network when the PC is in a “dead zone” where connection is very poor or non-existent from the existing network.	1
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the wifi booster when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	The key difference between 11n beamforming and 11ac beamforming is that Wi-Fi Alliance had no interoperability specification for 802.11n beamforming. The 802.11n beamforming standard was not very clearly defined, making 802.11n beamforming implementation a proprietary feature with no interoperability between different vendors.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the wifi booster when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	No, the AC785 does not work without a paid data plan. Data plan and SIM card can be purchased from a mobile operator in your area.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the wifi booster when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	"Netflix channel can only be used and accessed using the D-PAD mode (Up/Down/Left/Right/OK). You will not be able to use the Touch Pad (mouse/mouse click) mode to control and navigate the Netflix channel. When using the Touch Pad mode, you will no longer be able to see the mouse pointer but instead you will see a ""stop"" icon (circle with a line). When using Netflix, please turn of the Touch Pad by pressing any one of the Up/Down/Left/Right button."	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the wifi booster when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	Ethernet port aggregation allows the router to combine Ethernet ports 1 and 2 for data transfer to a supporting device, such as a NAS. The router supports 802.3ad link aggregation protocol, and will improve the aggregation file download and upload speeds to over the 1G boundary. Ethernet port aggregation is also referred to as link aggregation, teaming port, and port trunking.	0
Why is it recommended that i only connect to the wifi booster when the existing network does not provide good enough connection?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push ‘N’ Connect button:	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	"This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check ""Enable Video Network"" to avoid jitter in your wireless network."	1
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	Yes, many new notebooks are coming with Wireless-N integrated. All these Wireless-N notebooks will connect at higher speeds and offer better range than when connected to your old Wireless-G Router. Look for “a/b/g/n” or “Next-Generation Wireless-N” on your notebook specifications to see if it is a Wireless-N notebook.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	M6100 I/O blades provide two serial ports:	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	This is a different routing setup which is more of a classical routing. It is recommended to confirm it with the ISP to know what type of device they would support for this kind of setup or you can use one of the business line routers of NETGEAR to compare what device you would need.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	No, the WNR2000v5 does not support this function.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3800b lower than 2.4ghz?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check “Enable Video Network” to avoid jitter in your wireless network.	1
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3800b lower than 2.4ghz?	Yes, R6220 Wi-Fi Router is backwards compatible with legacy Wi-Fi standards.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3800b lower than 2.4ghz?	When browsing a song, the UI shows a different length compared to what is shown on the Now Playing screen. This is due to the audio browser showing the song length that was read from the audio file's ID3 tag data. The Now Playing screen actually calculates the duration of the song.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3800b lower than 2.4ghz?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3800b lower than 2.4ghz?	No. The EX6100 set as an access point should be connected to a router. It is still the router's part to be the DHCP server.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd3800b lower than 2.4ghz?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd4000 lower than 2.4ghz?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz.	1
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd4000 lower than 2.4ghz?	Yes, R6220 Wi-Fi Router is backwards compatible with legacy Wi-Fi standards.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd4000 lower than 2.4ghz?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd4000 lower than 2.4ghz?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd4000 lower than 2.4ghz?	Yes, XS708E supports Flow Control and they are enabled by default.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of dgnd4000 lower than 2.4ghz?	R6900 supports 2.4GHz + 256 QAM Wi-Fi. Current market availability does not yet support 256 QAM. When available, R6900 users can take immediate advantage of the speed boost.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check “Enable Video Network” to avoid jitter in your wireless network.	1
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	You cannot change the delay, but you can turn off the cursor on the TV and use the laptop to navigate. To do this, connect to the adapter using Intel WiDi software on your PC, and click  PROPERTIES.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	The Restore Factory Settings button is located on the bottom of the unit.While the adapter is turned on and wait until the LED turns amber and the TV screen shows “Ready for Connection”, press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button for more than 5 seconds until the LED on the front starts blinking.Release the Restore Factory Settings button and the adapter will reboot and restore factory settings.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21488)	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr3700 lower than 2.4ghz?	Unfortunately, the WNR2000v5 does not support jumbo frames.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr4300 lower than 2.4ghz?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless device, the interference is less than 2.4GHz.	1
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr4300 lower than 2.4ghz?	The 2 USB ports are USB 2.0 and no difference with both.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr4300 lower than 2.4ghz?	If you are connecting to the 5 GHz network, Intel Wireless Display will not work. Intel Wireless Display is compatible with any 2.4 GHz WiFi Router. If your router supports both 2.4 and 5 GHz, connect the laptop to the 2.4 GHz wireless network.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr4300 lower than 2.4ghz?	 It should be possible as long as you are using a HDMI to VGA HDCP compliant adapter.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr4300 lower than 2.4ghz?	PVSTP is based on 802.1s and PVRSTP is based on 802.1w. When a switch running PVRSTP receives PVSTP BPDU, then the switch falls back to the lower version (PVSTP) after its migration-delay timer expires.	0
Why is my 5ghz signal strength of wndr4300 lower than 2.4ghz?	Yes. You can press the “Menu” key and select the subtitle, audio or chapter from the on-screen menu.	0
Why is my qos is not working?	Dynamic QoS is a feature that tries to best utilize the current bandwidth and allocate resource to the most needed application or device. Not seeing an obvious effect, does not mean it is not working:	1
Why is my qos is not working?	During installation the firmware will automatically check for newer versions and download the new firmware if found. After download the new firmware needs to be installed manually.	0
Why is my qos is not working?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is my qos is not working?	During installation via the browser based genie, the Nighthawk WiFi Router looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on the web site every time you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing the genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alert when new firmware is available.	0
Why is my qos is not working?	Any 5GHz Wi-Fi channels at 149 and above is recommended for use as they can support better Wi-Fi range and performance.	0
Why is my qos is not working?	* [via Mapped Network Drive](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/19864)	0
Why is my usb hdd not being recognized by the c3000/c3700?	If your USB HDD is self-powered and uses more than 750mA of power, this could be the reason. Please verify that your USB HDD is within the specs since it is self-powered or try using a USB HDD with an external power supply.	1
Why is my usb hdd not being recognized by the c3000/c3700?	The NETGEAR DGN2200 uses 2 antennas. The transmit function uses up to 2 antennas and the receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
Why is my usb hdd not being recognized by the c3000/c3700?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
Why is my usb hdd not being recognized by the c3000/c3700?	 WPA-PSK (TKIP) has been removed by the Wi-Fi Alliance so on the new firmware, it may be not be there anymore.	0
Why is my usb hdd not being recognized by the c3000/c3700?	RN3138 replaces the RN3130. RN3138 includes a faster CPU and double the RAM of the RN3130.	0
Why is my usb hdd not being recognized by the c3000/c3700?	If you are connected to a client and to the Router/Gateway, and the Arrow LEDs are not blinking, it means you have correctly positioned the Extender.	0
Why is my wireless performance not able to reach to 1300mbps?	Ensure that your wireless adapter supports 3x3802.11ac. Also check that the modem routers 5GHz mode in genie UI is set to 1300Mbps.	1
Why is my wireless performance not able to reach to 1300mbps?	With firmware v1.0.4.30 or higher, the R7000 has been certified to support 5GHz band 2 and 5GHz band 3 channel which includes channel 52, 56, 60, 64, 100, 104, 108, and 112.	0
Why is my wireless performance not able to reach to 1300mbps?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Why is my wireless performance not able to reach to 1300mbps?	No, Nighthawk (D7000), Nighthawk X4S (D7800), NETGEAR D6400 VDSL products do not support bonded VDSL technology. Some ISPs such as CenturyLink may use bonded VDSL as a way to achieve IPTV (Prism) or higher speed tiers (>20Mbps) for DSL customers. Please confirm with your ISP if your connection requires a DSL gateway with bonded VDSL support.	0
Why is my wireless performance not able to reach to 1300mbps?	64 entries is allowed for new routers (i.e. Nighthawks), while 20 for older routers.	0
Why is my wireless performance not able to reach to 1300mbps?	Our XAVB1101 is compatible with all of our 200 Mbps Home Plug AV products and our 500 Mbps Home Plug AV Products. For example XAVB2001, XAVB1004, XAVB5001, XAVB5501, and XAVB101. It is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps powerline products like XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	0
Why is netgear referring to dgnd3700 as the ultimate integrated home gateway?	DGND3700 product is a powerful and full featured DSL router with a Dual core processor to handle the most computation intensive tasks easily. It simultaneously supports Wi-Fi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that DGND3700 provides.	1
Why is netgear referring to dgnd3700 as the ultimate integrated home gateway?	No, the QoS on the router is for Internet traffic, not layer 2 QoS in LAN side by the powerline devices.	0
Why is netgear referring to dgnd3700 as the ultimate integrated home gateway?	Our XAVB1101 is compatible with all of our 200 Mbps Home Plug AV products and our 500 Mbps Home Plug AV Products. For example XAVB2001, XAVB1004, XAVB5001, XAVB5501, and XAVB101. It is not compatible with 14 Mbps and 85 Mbps powerline products like XE102G, XETB1001, and XEB1004.	0
Why is netgear referring to dgnd3700 as the ultimate integrated home gateway?	[How and when do I use the Advanced Options tab?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21456)	0
Why is netgear referring to dgnd3700 as the ultimate integrated home gateway?	Yes, the PL1000 support QoS (it will leave the packets untouched keeping the prioritization).	0
Why is netgear referring to dgnd3700 as the ultimate integrated home gateway?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
Why is netgear referring to wndr3700 as the ultimate networking machine?	WNDR3700 product is the most powerful and full featured router compared to any wireless router in the market today. With a 680 MHz power processor, it does many of similar tasks as other routers, but simply does it 2-3 times faster. Be it simultaneously supporting WiFi devices at 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz, be it giving the highest wired gigabit performance or reading and writing from USB hard drive attached to the router, all of the above are done at the highest speed besides the long list of compelling features that WNDR3700 provides.	1
Why is netgear referring to wndr3700 as the ultimate networking machine?	Use Intel Wireless Display to check the wireless connection and reconnect to the Push2TV adapter if necessary. If the situation continues, try moving your laptop closer to the Push2TV adapter or place it in a location with a clear line of sight to the Push2TV adapter. Changing the channel of your WiFi router might also help. For more information, launch Intel Wireless Display and select  HELP.	0
Why is netgear referring to wndr3700 as the ultimate networking machine?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	0
Why is netgear referring to wndr3700 as the ultimate networking machine?	OFDM (Orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing).	0
Why is netgear referring to wndr3700 as the ultimate networking machine?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3800B firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
Why is netgear referring to wndr3700 as the ultimate networking machine?	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet. This device is equiped with NAT.	0
Why is the 5ghz signal strength of d6200(b) lower than 2.4ghz?	The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, 5GHz is a less interference prone wireless frequency, so it is more suitable to run time sensitive applications like video or voice. We encourage you to utilize the 5GHz band with devices that support 5GHz band like iPad/iPhone 5 etc.	1
Why is the 5ghz signal strength of d6200(b) lower than 2.4ghz?	That means PR2000 does not recognized your USB storage. It may have interoperability issue, or the power source of PR2000 is not enough to provide current to the storage.	0
Why is the 5ghz signal strength of d6200(b) lower than 2.4ghz?	For each XAV101 device, press its Security button for more than 10 seconds until the LED starts to blink. This generates a new, randomly generated network encryption key for each XAV101 devices. At this point, the devices cannot communicate with each other. Push the Security button on one adapter for 2 seconds, and then push the button on the second adapter for 2 seconds. Both buttons must be pushed within 2 minutes. This securely configures your Powerline network with the same network encryption key. The devices will retain security settings even if they are unplugged.	0
Why is the 5ghz signal strength of d6200(b) lower than 2.4ghz?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is the 5ghz signal strength of d6200(b) lower than 2.4ghz?	 No, it will not work.	0
Why is the 5ghz signal strength of d6200(b) lower than 2.4ghz?	The USB HDD can be accessed by entering the IP address \\192.168.0.5 in the Windows explorer. The USB Hard Drive will show up as ‘storage0’ (The second USB will show up as ‘storage1’). The current Graphical User Interface (GUI) of the initial shipping firmware doesn't provide ReadySHARE information. It will be supported in the next firmware release.	0
Why is the connection time in traffic meter grayed out?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connection, by design.	1
Why is the connection time in traffic meter grayed out?	"Please press and hold the ""Return"" button for 3~5 seconds until the popup windows shows up."	0
Why is the connection time in traffic meter grayed out?	This means that you are too far from the client or the router/gateway.	0
Why is the connection time in traffic meter grayed out?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is the connection time in traffic meter grayed out?	"This is a brand new 10 Gigabit Ethernet ""ProSAFE Plus Switch"". It supports eight 100/1000/10000 Mbps RJ45 ports with one combo port supporting 10 Gigabit SFP+ fiber."	0
Why is the connection time in traffic meter grayed out?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is the enable traffic meter check box grayed-out and unable to setup the traffic meter?	Please note that the firmware version before v1.0.0.34 (initial release) only supports Traffic Meter for WAN types on PPPoE or PPTP mode. Traffic Meter for WAN type with DHCP or Static IP mode will be supported on future FW release.	1
Why is the enable traffic meter check box grayed-out and unable to setup the traffic meter?	"* For superuser access, enter ""MSO"" (all uppercase) for the user name and ""changeme"" (lowercase) for password."	0
Why is the enable traffic meter check box grayed-out and unable to setup the traffic meter?	Only OpenVPN clients for Windows, Mac and Linux (not Iphone/Android) will currently work with our VPN service. OpenVPN is not compatible with IPSec, IKE, PPTP, or L2TP.	0
Why is the enable traffic meter check box grayed-out and unable to setup the traffic meter?	Yes. This device does supports IPv6. There is option in the GUI to choose LAN side IPv6 mode. By default IPv6 mode is set to auto-config which supports majority of the IPv6 capable devices. If you choose DHCPv6, some of your devices may not be able to support IPv6.	0
Why is the enable traffic meter check box grayed-out and unable to setup the traffic meter?	Push-N-Connect is a feature which makes it very simple to connect wireless devices (notebooks, desktops, etc.) to a secure wireless network without needing to remember security pass phrases, or security method (WEP, WPA-PSK, WPA2). The user only needs to select the wireless network that they want to connect to, and then press the Push-N-Connect button on the router. Push-N-Connect does the rest. Push-N-Connect must be supported on the router and each wireless device in order to take advantage of this feature. Push-N-Connect is based on the WiFi Protected Setup (WPS) standard.	0
Why is the enable traffic meter check box grayed-out and unable to setup the traffic meter?	The default IP address is 192.168.5.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default credentials “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
Why is the performance no better than 802.11n products?	If user uses 11n wireless adapters to connect with the D6200(B), the max connection speed of D6200(B) will be the same as the max connection speed of 11n wireless adapters which were used. This is because 11n wireless adapters cannot link at 11ac mode. To connect at 11ac speeds user needs a device that is 11ac WIFI capable like the A6200 Wi-Fi adapter.	1
Why is the performance no better than 802.11n products?	No, if you use an 802.11n wireless adapter to connect to R6220, the maximum connection speed will be the same as connecting to an 802.11n Router. This is due to the maximum link rates in the 802.11n Wi-Fi standard.	0
Why is the performance no better than 802.11n products?	The R6400 has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
Why is the performance no better than 802.11n products?	No, your DM111PSPv2 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
Why is the performance no better than 802.11n products?	* Dual Band mode: Duo 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz configuration supporting 802.11n/802.11a (5 GHz) and 802.11g/ 802.11b (2.4 GHz)	0
Why is the performance no better than 802.11n products?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
Why is the power led blinking amber and white?	"The R7900 is currently in AP mode. This is normal behavior. If you want to put the R7900 to router mode, please go ahead and perform a factory reset on the device. Once you go through the installation process again, please make sure to select ""No"" if you see the screen below and continue with setup."	1
Why is the power led blinking amber and white?	Only one: non-stop switching and hitless failover. M6100 series “distributed fabric” provides both Fabric and Management redundancy with non-stop switching and hitless failover. There is no fastidious configuration: Slot-1 is the Supervisor slot, and Slot-2 is the Back-up Supervisor slot (secondary). By default, the Back-up Supervisor slot (Slot-2) provides continuous stand-by mode within the distributed fabric. In case of a failure for the Supervisory blade in Slot-1, the Back-up Supervisor in Slot-2 is instantly taking over as the new Supervisor. Non-stop forwarding feature offers hitless failover for Slot-2 and Slot-3 switching and routing in that case.	0
Why is the power led blinking amber and white?	No, XAV5201 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0.	0
Why is the power led blinking amber and white?	The g&b wireless mode supports up to 54Mbps. Up to 150Mbps support the draft 802.11N	0
Why is the power led blinking amber and white?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
Why is the power led blinking amber and white?	The password can be restored with the Factory defaults button. However, it would reset all configurations as well.	0
Why is the power led sometimes green and sometimes is amber?	The table below describes the Power/Test LED (the first LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	1
Why is the power led sometimes green and sometimes is amber?	Using a passcode (private network key), it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Why is the power led sometimes green and sometimes is amber?	* The update process is completed when the onscreen progress bar completes. During the firmware update, the Power LED blinks amber. After the firmware update is done, the router restarts and the Power LED illuminates solid amber.	0
Why is the power led sometimes green and sometimes is amber?	NETGEAR DG834Nv2 uses two dipole antennas mounted inside the router case. The antennas are already in optimized positions for most environments; users do not need to change the antenna positions and the design prevents users from touching the antennas accidentally.	0
Why is the power led sometimes green and sometimes is amber?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Why is the power led sometimes green and sometimes is amber?	The ideal location to place the Extender is half-way between your wireless router and your computer, but the extender MUST be within the wireless range of the wireless router. For more information, see [Where should I place my NETGEAR WiFi range extender?](https://kb.netgear.com/25508/Where-should-I-place-my-NETGEAR-Wi-Fi-range-extender) and [How far should I place my Nighthawk X6S Tri-Band WiFi Range Extender from my router?](https://kb.netgear.com/000045828/How-far-should-I-place-my-Nighthawk-X6S-Tri-Band-WiFi-Range-Extender-from-my-router).	0
Why is the qos option on the r7000 not available on the r8000?	NETGEAR is currently working on a much more feature rich QoS feature which will be available on a later firmware release in early Q1 2015.	1
Why is the qos option on the r7000 not available on the r8000?	The following features require the Digital Entertainer software to be running on a PC:	0
Why is the qos option on the r7000 not available on the r8000?	You keep your existing wireless router or gateway as is, with no need to change your current settings. You simply plug one of the WNHDE111 to the existing router/gateway and you now have a Wireless-N 5 GHz network established. You still have your existing G network at 2.4 GHz frequency for normal data and voice while using the 5 GHz Wireless-N for faster and high bandwidth demanding applications like video streaming and online gaming.	0
Why is the qos option on the r7000 not available on the r8000?	MicroUSB can be used as a power source for PR2000 from a laptop USB port while traveling. The USB 2.0 port can be used for ReadySHARE Storage or printer function when PR2000 is powered by Alternative Current (AC) source. USB 2.0 port can also act as a charger for your portable device, such as cell phone when PR2000 is plugged in (AC) socket.	0
Why is the qos option on the r7000 not available on the r8000?	The frequencies used by PL P1200 are in the range of 2MHz to 68MHz.	0
Why is the qos option on the r7000 not available on the r8000?	Yes, please see the table below for more detail:	0
Why is the unit getting hot?	The NeoTV PRIME is running a high performance CPU which causes more heat to be generated while streaming video. This is a normal part of its operation, and the unit has passed all the required thermal testing.	1
Why is the unit getting hot?	The LED color indicates which wireless frequency the adapter is operating at. The amber color is for 2.4GHz while the blue color indicating 5GHz.	0
Why is the unit getting hot?	Active antennas are designed by NETGEAR. It improves both the Wi-Fi speed and range for Wi-Fi clients connected to the R8300. The main purposes of this design is to avoid noise from the main board from interfering with the Wi-Fi signal, and to increase power to achieve greater Wi-Fi performance and range.	0
Why is the unit getting hot?	Single Rate Policing feature enables support for Single Rate Policer as defined by RFC 2697:	0
Why is the unit getting hot?	Solid Green                        Powered on and ready for use	0
Why is the unit getting hot?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the DGND3800B firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes it’s steady on, and sometimes it’s blinking?	The table below describes the WPS (the LED on the WPS push button of front panel) behaviors.	1
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes it’s steady on, and sometimes it’s blinking?	Depending on your Powerline model, you can connect up to 64 nodes (check the FAQ section for your model to make sure about exact number).	0
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes it’s steady on, and sometimes it’s blinking?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes it’s steady on, and sometimes it’s blinking?	It supports a AnchorAnchormaximum of up to 4 concurrent VPN clients.	0
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes it’s steady on, and sometimes it’s blinking?	The frequencies used by PLW1000 are in the range of 2 MHz to 86 MHz.	0
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes it’s steady on, and sometimes it’s blinking?	Using a passcode (private network key), it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes steady on, and sometimes blinking?	The table below describes the WPS (the LED on the WPS push button of front panel) behaviors.	1
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes steady on, and sometimes blinking?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. WPS will automatically configure a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes steady on, and sometimes blinking?	D6000 supports full 802.11b/g/n on 2.4 GHz band and 802.11 a/n/ac on the 5GHz band.	0
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes steady on, and sometimes blinking?	The D7000 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D7000 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, and significantly more features, such as the NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	0
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes steady on, and sometimes blinking?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
Why is the wps led sometimes off, sometimes steady on, and sometimes blinking?	To reset your router to factory defaults, see [Restoring a NETGEAR home router to the factory default settings](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/9665)	0
Why is there a discrepancy between elapsed time and the given duration of a song when looking at mp3 audio files?	When browsing a song, the UI shows a different length compared to what is shown on the Now Playing screen. This is due to the audio browser showing the song length that was read from the audio file’s ID3 tag data. The Now Playing screen actually calculates the duration of the song.	1
Why is there a discrepancy between elapsed time and the given duration of a song when looking at mp3 audio files?	* Press the Security button of the XAV2602 unit for more than 2 seconds then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink.	0
Why is there a discrepancy between elapsed time and the given duration of a song when looking at mp3 audio files?	R7800 support maximum backup file size up to 500GB now.	0
Why is there a discrepancy between elapsed time and the given duration of a song when looking at mp3 audio files?	The PC Access feature shows the PC screen, but it's like a remote access application - it doesn't do full video. So while your screen saver will show, any animations will not look good. This feature is really designed for checking e-mail quickly or some basic web browsing.	0
Why is there a discrepancy between elapsed time and the given duration of a song when looking at mp3 audio files?	The D7000 has two USB 3.0 ports. Both the USB 3.0 ports located on the left side and right side of the modem router respectively.	0
Why is there a discrepancy between elapsed time and the given duration of a song when looking at mp3 audio files?	 NO, you will need to purchase a 4G device to take advantage of the 4G network. However, you will still be able to use your existing 3G devices for the foreseeable future on a 3G network.	0
Why is there no install cd?	The WNR2000v4 does not come with an install CD. It has a new feature called genie that will help configure the router.	1
Why is there no install cd?	Yes, if Ethernet port 1 and Ethernet port 2 are not connected to an Ethernet port aggregation supported device, they act just like regular Ethernet ports.	0
Why is there no install cd?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today:	0
Why is there no install cd?	Yes, the music files will need to be rescanned.	0
Why is there no install cd?	DGND3700v2 improves the product features further from the award winning DGND3700v1:	0
Why is there no install cd?	No, the PR2000 does not support this feature.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard (genie)?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	1
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard (genie)?	Yes. WNR2500 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard (genie)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard (genie)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard (genie)?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard (genie)?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA3100. Please make sure to have the latest firmware and drivers for the products.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard(genie)?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	1
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard(genie)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard(genie)?	XAVB1004 is a bundle that includes one XAV1004 unit and one XAV101 unit.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard(genie)?	No, the VLAN feature is currently designed to separate WAN services provided by your service provider (ISP). For example, your ISP may require this feature in order to separate Internet, IPTV, and/or telephony services. It is not meant to be used to configure the LAN side of the customer's network.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard(genie)?	It is 15 Amp for GR and FR, 14 Amp for NA and 12 Amp for UK.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6100 smart wizard(genie)?	Use your TV remote control to adjust your sound levels.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	For better user's experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP's PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	1
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	Yes DGN3500 supports up to 4 SSID. Each SSID can configure to have different password	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	Your router comes with 3 WiFi Bands (1x 2.4GHz + 2x 5GHz). Smart Connect feature enables the router to intelligently choose the best 5GHz band to connect your dual band device to give you the best WiFi performance.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	Yes. Arlo Q cameras let you listen or speak to who or what is being viewed on the camera. Arlo Q cameras employ half-duplex transmission and work similarly to walkie-talkies.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	Yes, the PL1000 does support Standby mode for power saving. When the Ethernet link is lost for more than 10 minutes, the adapter enters power saving mode.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6200 smart wizard (genie)?	Quality of Service is supported and configurable via the Powerline utility, compatible with all NETGEAR Powerline adapters and allows you to identify and prioritize network traffic by different types of data.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6210 smart wizard(genie)?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	1
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6210 smart wizard(genie)?	It is recommended to buy a Wireless-N Adapter for best performance and upgrade your Wireless-G based Notebooks and desktops.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6210 smart wizard(genie)?	The EX7300/EX6400 can extend any existing wireless network. We suggest you connect to the 5GHz network when available, but any wireless router you have should work.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6210 smart wizard(genie)?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will most likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6210 smart wizard(genie)?	Do NOT power off or reboot the router during the firmware update, otherwise it may corrupt the firmware and render the router inoperable.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear a6210 smart wizard(genie)?	The power consumption of XAV1004 is 3.5 Watts at max usage. However the XAV101 has usage of 4 Watts.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wnda4100  smart wizard(genie) ?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	1
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wnda4100  smart wizard(genie) ?	* MBR1515 WiFi router connects to the Verizon Wireless 4G LTE network via a 4G LTE wireless modem embedded in the router	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wnda4100  smart wizard(genie) ?	* Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power/test LED light blinks. This takes about 5 to 10 seconds. (To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it).	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wnda4100  smart wizard(genie) ?	No, if you use an 802.11n wireless adapter to connect to R6220, the maximum connection speed will be the same as connecting to an 802.11n Router. This is due to the maximum link rates in the 802.11n Wi-Fi standard.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wnda4100  smart wizard(genie) ?	There are some limitations with backup/restore features with Safari Browser. Please use alternative browser such as Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox.	0
Why is there no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wnda4100  smart wizard(genie) ?	We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest.	0
Why is wnda3100 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	WNDA3100 is in the process of applying the DFS (Dynamic Frequency Selection) certification at various regions worldwide. At this time, please configure your 5GHz router running at non-DFS channels. The non-DFS channels for US are channel 36-48 and 149-161. The non-DFS channels for Europe are channel 36 to channel 48.	1
Why is wnda3100 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	At this time, the EVA700 only support FAT32 file format system. The EVA700 does not support any NTFS formatted USB drives.	0
Why is wnda3100 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	DGND3800B automatically detects the speed at which you connect to the internet and then applies your rules for providing higher priority to specific applications like voice or to specific devices like Xbox game console.	0
Why is wnda3100 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	"Yes, you can access the Stora web GUI from your local LAN by opening a web browser and entering ""http://IP_Address/?local=1""."	0
Why is wnda3100 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	"If the online LED on the front panel is lit, it means that the cable router is online. You can also check the online status with a browser in the routers GUI by logging in to [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) Check the Status of Network Access.  ""ALLOWED"" means the cable router is online."	0
Why is wnda3100 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	The power consumption of XAVB6504 is 4.2 Watts in 110V AC and 5.0 Watts in 240V AC.	0
Why is wnda3100v2 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	DFS stands for Dynamic Frequency Selection and in order for any wireless device operating at DFS channels; the device must apply a special regulatory certification. WNDA3100v2 passed the DFS certification at various regions WW, except North America. Therefore, please configure your 5GHz router running at non-DFS channel(s) if you are in North America region. You could refer to the product label of you WNDA3100v2, if the FCC ID is PY308300091, your device can not operate DFS channel(s) in North America. As for other regions (such Europe), WNDA3100v2 can detect wireless 5GHz routers running at DFS channels. The non-DFS channels for US are Channel 36-48 and Channel 149-161. The non-DFS channels for Europe are Channel 36 to Channel 48.	1
Why is wnda3100v2 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	If you are using an AirPrint compatible printer, there should be no problem. If you are using the NETGEAR genie AirPrint software feature, which makes any printer appear to be AirPrint compatible , please make sure to use any Desktop genie Version 2.3.1.13 or higher.	0
Why is wnda3100v2 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	1. Make sure you have the latest firmware on your WN2000RPT.	0
Why is wnda3100v2 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	A6200 will detect wireless routers/AP at both wireless frequencies. During a network scan, it will scan both frequencies to provide all wireless routers/AP in the range. A6200 adapter will operate at the same frequency the wireless router it connects to. If your wireless router is configured at 2.4GHz then A6200 connects to it will operate at 2.4GHz. If your wireless router is configured at 5GHz then A6200 connects to it will run at 5GHz. To determine which frequency your router is capable of supporting, please refer to your wireless router's user manual. Please note that not all of the wireless routers can operate at both frequencies and you may have a choice to select which frequency your wireless router should use.	0
Why is wnda3100v2 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	For detailed instructions on Nighthawk Tri-band extender log in, see [How to log into the Nighthawk Tri-Band WiFi Range Extender](https://kb.netgear.com/000044735/How-to-log-into-the-Nighthawk-Tri-Band-WiFi-Range-Extender).	0
Why is wnda3100v2 not detecting my wireless 5ghz router running at dfs channel(s)?	FS105 is an unmanaged switch with five 10/100Mbps ports in a metal case and v3 means Version 3.	0
Why is wnhdeb111 networking kit plug and play?	The networking kit comes preconfigured at the factory with SSID and security settings. This implies that you simply take the units out of the box, plug one of them to the existing router/gateway and plug the other unit to the Ethernet enabled media device in your living room. Both these units will discover each other, and you are immediately connected to play high performance online games or stream multiple HD videos within the network.	1
Why is wnhdeb111 networking kit plug and play?	Yes, the C7000 does support VPN pass-through.	0
Why is wnhdeb111 networking kit plug and play?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why is wnhdeb111 networking kit plug and play?	Yes, the XAVB5601 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
Why is wnhdeb111 networking kit plug and play?	No, these settings are controlled on the TV.	0
Why is wnhdeb111 networking kit plug and play?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Why my ethernet printer/nas is not waking up when connected to my powerline?	The Powerline adapter can only be awoken by a device that is connected to its Ethernet port, not via the power outlet. So, if the Powerline adapter is asleep, it can't pass data to the printer (or NAS), only FROM the printer..	1
Why my ethernet printer/nas is not waking up when connected to my powerline?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the DGN2200 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
Why my ethernet printer/nas is not waking up when connected to my powerline?	"Please login to the Genie GUI first, then select ""ADVANCED"" tab, then click ""Administration"", ""Set Password"" menu. After entering in the new password, please click the ""Apply"" button for it to take effect."	0
Why my ethernet printer/nas is not waking up when connected to my powerline?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
Why my ethernet printer/nas is not waking up when connected to my powerline?	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
Why my ethernet printer/nas is not waking up when connected to my powerline?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Why my power led isn’t lit after i plugged a power adapter in?	Please make sure that the power switch at the rear is pushed to ON position.	1
Why my power led isn’t lit after i plugged a power adapter in?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
Why my power led isn’t lit after i plugged a power adapter in?	There is no option to change the stated settings on home routers.	0
Why my power led isn’t lit after i plugged a power adapter in?	Earlier versions, including the XE102, XE102G, XET1001 and XETB1001 support 56-bit DES encryption. Later versions based on HomePlug AV, including the XAV101, XAVB101, XAV1004, XAVB1004, XAV2001, XAVB2001, XAV1501, XAVB2501, XAV1601, XAV1401 and XAV1301 support 128-bit AES encryption.	0
Why my power led isn’t lit after i plugged a power adapter in?	A6200 can support 802.11ac in 5GHz. For best performance usage, you can buy 802.11ac Router to pair with A6200 and connect to 5GHz. 802.11ac also provide longer range coverage than 802.11n in 5GHz.	0
Why my power led isn’t lit after i plugged a power adapter in?	NETGEAR believes we provide the highest quality products in the market place, and back the Stora with an industry-leading three year warranty.	0
Why one or more of the led doesn't light up?	* None of the LED's light up: If the Power light is off, make sure power is supplied to the electrical outlet, and the PowerLine device is not plugged into an extension cord, power strip, or surge protector.	1
Why one or more of the led doesn't light up?	The EVA8000 can play directly through SMB/CIFS – so no PC needed.	0
Why one or more of the led doesn't light up?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why one or more of the led doesn't light up?	Yes, you can use the Ethernet port to connect to a modem’s Ethernet port for Internet connection.	0
Why one or more of the led doesn't light up?	Yes, the EVA8000 can access NAS devices directly. (Note: The SC101 is not a NAS it is a SAN, and requires specialized drivers which the EVA8000 does not have at this point. So to access an SC101T you must share this drive from a PC or Mac which has SC101T drivers.)	0
Why one or more of the led doesn't light up?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5101?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5101?	Push ’N’ Connect is an easy way to connect your wireless devices to the router without remembering passwords and SSIDs. DGN3500 supports WiFi Protected Setup (WPS), a WiFi Alliance standard specification which enables Push ‘N’Connect. You need to have a WPS enabled Wireless-N client or adapter like WN111 for Push ’N’ Connect to work with DGN3500.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5101?	If the device you connected is only capable of 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN connection, the LAN port lights amber to show that it is connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5101?	Yes, you will be able to access content on the PC via both the Intel Media Server and the Intel Viiv Zone. However, without a Viiv router, you will be unable to use your Intel Viiv PC to easily connect the Digital Entertainer to your network wirelessly. In this case, you must enter wireless network parameters manually. Please see the User Guide for instructions.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5101?	Yes, latest version of the Desktop Genie can be downloaded from NETGEAR web site [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng).	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5101?	The power consumption of PLP1200 is 2.06W when Ethernet cable is connected, 0.46W standby mode (Ethernet cable is disconnected or Ethernet link lost ).	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5501?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5501 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5501?	It could take minutes depending on the number of music files on your ReadySHARE HDD. For 10,000 files, it could take up to an hour.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5501?	The ADSL throughput is comparable. The WiFi throughput is comparable, and the number of WiFi devices that can be connected is comparable. The difference is in the number Ethernet ports that are available. Furthermore, the D1500 does not have USB port, as does DGN2200.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5501?	Yes, the XAVB5001 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5501?	See quick installation guide.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5501?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. With WPS, it automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5601?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5601 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5601?	Dynamic QoS service can only detect your device if Dynamic QoS is enabled, and you are generating traffic on your network devices. You can monitor them through  ATTACHED DEVICES page.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5601?	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5601?	Yes, the WNR2200 have this feature.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5601?	Both USB ports are USB 2.0 spec. and they both have the same function.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5601?	 Yes.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting XAVB5201v2 / XAVB5221 / XAVB5421 / XAVB5622 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	After you have successfully setup the WNR2000v3 to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	The USB HDD can be accessed by entering the IP address \\192.168.0.5 in the Windows explorer. The USB Hard Drive will show up as ‘storage0’ (The second USB will show up as ‘storage1’). The current Graphical User Interface (GUI) of the initial shipping firmware doesn't provide ReadySHARE information. It will be supported in the next firmware release.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	Live Parental Controls powered by OpenDNS allows you to filter web content. You can block more than 50 different categories of sites for everyone connected to the Internet through your NETGEAR router or customize blocking for individuals.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5201v2 / xavb5221 / xavb5421 / xavb5622?	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR genie configuration utility.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5602?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB5602 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5602?	Send email to [customer.service@netgear.com](mailto:customer.service@netgear.com?subject=Remove%20registered%20product) with:	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5602?	Yes, but there are some limitations. A Windows PC is required for the following functions: Watching or recording Live TV using a PC TV Tuner card; Watching YouTube Videos; Listening or Watching to DRM (Digital Rights Management) protected content.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5602?	DGND3800B not only come integrated with the DSL modem it also has a Gigabit port that can be used to connect to a Cable or Fiber modem- All-in-one Broadband Router. So it offers the flexibility to the user to move to any broadband network without worrying about changing the router and going through the hassle of reconfiguring their home network.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5602?	When there is a new firmware, the NeoTV Streaming Player prompts the user that there is a newer firmware available when the unit powers up, or wakes up from standby. Please follow the on screen instruction to press the yellow remote control button, and then press OK to perform firmware upgrade.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb5602?	* [PTVU1000_FAQ.pdf ](https://www.downloads.netgear.com/files/answer_media/rn_assets/PTVU1000_FAQ.pdf) (367.36 KB)	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb6504?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB6504 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb6504?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check “Enable Video Network” to avoid jitter in your wireless network.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb6504?	XP service pack 2 is required for the wireless USB adapter to operate correctly. If you are using WPA2 as your wireless security mode for your wireless network and the Windows Zero Configuration is in used to configure your wireless adapter ( rather than NETGEAR Smart Wizard) , then you need to download patch in Microsoft Knowledge Base article: KB893357. For more information on Microsoft service pack and Knowledge Base, please refer to Microsoft Web Site.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb6504?	NAT is a technique to translate private IP addresses on your LAN to a single IP address assigned by your cable provider that is that is visible to outside users on the Internet.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb6504?	It supports 4 types of QoS service. This includes QoS settings for applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. The user can configure QoS based the way the product is used to set internet traffic priority for the best efficiency for the user's situation.	0
Why should not i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb6504?	You will need to add the MBR1515 to your account and acquire and activate an additional SIM card - just plug it into the SIM slot in the back of the MBR1515	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl p 1200?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PLP1200 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl p 1200?	The activation code is on a label under the battery on the back of the hotspot and on the retail packaging.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl p 1200?	Currently, the C6300 Cable Modem Router is only available for retail in the US only.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl p 1200?	By default, the R7300 router and DST6501 use the same DST encryption key, so they can automatically connect. Log into the router to update the DST adapter settings.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl p 1200?	The R6200v2 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6200v2 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl p 1200?	Please login to the genie GUI first, then select  'ADVANCED' tab, then click  'ADMINISTRATION', followed by  'SET PASSWORD' option. After the new password has been entered, please click the  'APPLY' button for it to take effect.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1000?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1000?	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1000?	AC329U supports up to 21.6Mbps @ Downlink and 5.76Mbps @ uplink. The detail spec as shown below: HSPA+ (21 Mbps), HSUPA (5.76 Mbps), UMTS (384 Kbps), EDGE (237 Kbps), GPRS (85.6 Kbps)	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1000?	For this to work, the PC must be directly connected to one of the 4 Ethernet ports on the	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1000?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. With WPS, it automatically configures a wireless network with a network name (SSID) and strong WPA data encryption and authentication.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1000?	The link rate depends on the computer networking standard that your wireless devices support. If you use 11n wireless devices to connect with the R6100 WiFi Router, the maximum connection link rate is 300 Mbps. To take advantage of the higher 802.11ac WiFi speeds, you must connect to the R6100 WiFi Router with an 802.11ac client device, such as the NETGEAR 11 ac A6200 Wireless Aapter. If you connect the R6100 WiFi Router with the NETGEAR 11ac A6200 Wireless Adapter, the maximum connection link rate is 867 Mbps.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1200?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PL1200 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1200?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1200?	Yes. It supports Google Chrome browser, Flash and HTML5 to offer full access to the Web.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1200?	No, the CMD31T does not have wireless capabilities. You will need to connect a wireless router to the CMD31T. This device is a stand-alone cable modem.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1200?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV101v2 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even cut communications entirely.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the pl1200?	According to the WiFi certification test plan, the WPA-PSK and WEP security are not allowed on 802.11n. WPA-PSK and WEP security mode are only working on 802.11g mode. If your wireless devices only support WEP security mode, please change the WNR2200 wireless mode to “Up to 54Mbps” so you can use WEP security.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav1004?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in Powerline communications. Connecting a XAV1004 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav1004?	1. Verify that the NTV550 unit is powered on. Note that after plugging in the unit, the unit remains off until you press the Power button on the front of the unit, right side.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav1004?	Using passcodes, it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav1004?	The D7000 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D7000 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, and significantly more features, such as the NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav1004?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the WN3500RP. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the WN3500RP. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav1004?	Use Intel Wireless Display to check the wireless connection and reconnect to the Push2TV adapter if necessary.If the situation continues, try moving your laptop closer to the Push2TV adapter or place it in a location with a clear line of sight to the Push2TV adapter. Changing the channel of your WiFi router may also help.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2602?	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz. Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV2602 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2602?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB2001 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2602?	The  PL1000 ADAPTER needs a wireless router to provide IP addresses to the devices. The  PLW1000 will work with a  WIRED OR WIRELESS type of router.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2602?	Yes. Even if your laptop has sound muted, the sound for the media you are playing will play on your TV.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2602?	No; your device will work even if you do not register, but you will not be able to open a support ticket with our technical support team unless you register. If you have not registered, you can still download firmware updates and manuals, and search the technical knowledge base, on the NETGEAR support website : [http://support.netgear.com](http://support.netgear.com)	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2602?	WNDR3400v3 has 5 Ethernet ports (1 WAN and 4 LAN).	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5201?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV5201 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5201?	Using a passcode (private network key), it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5201?	You can have more than one Extender connection to your Router network, however you cannot daisy chain your additional Extenders. Daisy chaining is not officially supported and will affect performance for client devices connected to the second Extender in the chain.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5201?	During installation via the Web genie, EX7000 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest FW on web site every time when you login the GUI.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5201?	* On Mac OS X (version 10.2 or later), enter smb://readyshare in the address bar.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav5201?	The default IP address is 192.168.1.1. To access the Router’s Graphical Interface (GUI), please use default user name “admin” for login and “password” for password.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb1101?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB1101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely	1
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb1101?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today :	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb1101?	The R6200v2 supports the Wi-Fi beamforming technology	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb1101?	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb1101?	No, but you will need to subscribe to cable Internet service. Some systems require that you subscribe to basic service before you can get Internet access and/or offer a discount when you use your own cable modem. Check with your local cable company for specific information.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb1101?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb2101?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB2101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb2101?	It should work as long as it is a static IP address. Just make sure that the WAN IP is accessible from the Internet, whether it is IPv4 or IPv6. If you are using dynamic DNS, it is recommended to have the plus or premium account.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb2101?	Power               Green                                                     On               The device is powered on and the device operates normally.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb2101?	The AirCard Smart Cradle is compatible with AirCard 790S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced II), AirCard 785S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra Pre-Paid 4G My Pocket Wi-Fi Ultimate), AirCard 782S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced), and any Future NETGEAR AirCard Mobile Hotspots.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb2101?	Using a passcode (private network key), it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xavb2101?	Please double check the passphrase you entered on your wireless device is correct.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xe103?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting XE103s to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xe103?	This button is for user to reset all of the settings back to factory defaults.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xe103?	Unfortunately, the WNR2000v5 does not support jumbo frames.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xe103?	IEEE 802.11n recommends to use “Up to 145Mbps” as it causes less possible interference to your neighbor’s wireless network. However, if you really need to get higher performance and your wireless clients can support “Up to 300Mbps”, you can set it to “Up to 300Mbps” to get the maximum performance.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xe103?	DDR3 non-buffered ECC DIMM, see compatible memory type here	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xe103?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supply (ups), or extension cord with the pl1000?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS, and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PL1000 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supply (ups), or extension cord with the pl1000?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supply (ups), or extension cord with the pl1000?	The powerline signal operates from 2MHz to 30MHz.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supply (ups), or extension cord with the pl1000?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supply (ups), or extension cord with the pl1000?	The frequencies used by PL1200 are in the range of 2MHz to 68MHz.	0
Why shouldn't i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supply (ups), or extension cord with the pl1000?	No, the VLAN feature is currently designed to separate WAN services provided by your service provider (ISP). For example, your ISP may require this feature in order to separate Internet, IPTV, and/or telephony services. It is not meant to be used to configure the LAN side of the customer's network.	0
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101?	Power strips, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101?	PTV3000 supports any android version for the Galaxy S4. Please see this [article](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23928)	0
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101?	1. Press the reset button on the rear panel until the Power light blinks. This takes about 5~10 seconds. To avoid accidental resets, the small button is recessed. Use a pen or paperclip to access it.	0
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101?	お使いのPCで「インターネット接続の共有」を有効にしている場合は、以下の通り無効に変更してください。	0
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101?	RDD516 can be gracefully powered off through Web GUI page. Or by press and hold power button for 2 seconds. Be very careful, don't press and hold power button for more than 4 seconds, otherwise, power will be cut off forcefully by hardware.	0
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2001?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV5001 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	1
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2001?	The R6300 Wi-Fi Router can be configured in Bridge mode. This mode enables you to connect multiple devices wirelessly at the faster 802.11ac speed. To configure the router in Bridge mode, you need two R6300 routers—one configured as the router and the other as a bridge.	0
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2001?	* Use a pointed object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the rear part of the router, for over five seconds until the Power LED blinks amber.	0
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2001?	Yes, WNDAP350 can support 11n data rates over WDS links with other compatible ProSAFE Wireless-N Access Points.	0
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2001?	There is no expansion chassis for RN3138 at this time. NETGEAR desktop expansion EDA500 is not compatible with RN3138.	0
Why shouldnâ€™t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav2001?	Yes, the XAVB5501 support Port Base, VLAN Tags and TOS QoS and you can set the priority of VLAN Tags or TOS QoS in the utility.	0
Why shouldn’t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101v2?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAV101v2 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even cut communications entirely.	1
Why shouldn’t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101v2?	The  PL1000 connects to your router and then plugs directly into the wall to inject the internet connection into the powerline.	0
Why shouldn’t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101v2?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Why shouldn’t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101v2?	1. Push the WPS button on the wireless client.	0
Why shouldn’t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101v2?	No, this feature is not supported in cable modem products. For cable modem products, your cable provider is responsible for upgrading the firmware image to your unit after they have certified it.	0
Why shouldn’t i use a power strip, surge protector, uninterruptible power supplies (ups) or extension cord with the xav101v2?	The new hardware found wizard will appear when you plug in the WN111v2 adapter into another USB port (Your laptop may have more than one USB port). Please use the same USB port if you want to retain the same settings and profiles.	0
Why the power led sometimes is green and sometimes is amber?	The table below describes the Power/Test LED (the first LED on the top of the front panel) behaviors.	1
Why the power led sometimes is green and sometimes is amber?	Powerline operates at a relative high frequency (2 to 30MHz range). At higher frequencies, like those being employed by Powerline, phase coupling is stronger due to lower impedance, so current Powerline technologies suffer less db loss (compared to previous Powerline technologies like X-10, which operated at the relatively low 120 kHz frequency). In addition, Poly-phase main service lines, poly-phase wiring to appliances and inter-winding capacitance at the main transformer all act as high-frequency bridges between phases. So you'll receive a few dB of signal loss, but not enough to stop communications altogether.	0
Why the power led sometimes is green and sometimes is amber?	DFS stands for Dynamic Frequency Selection and in order for any wireless device operating at DFS channels; the device must apply a special regulatory certification. WNDA3100v2 passed the DFS certification at various regions WW, except North America. Therefore, please configure your 5GHz router running at non-DFS channel(s) if you are in North America region. You could refer to the product label of you WNDA3100v2, if the FCC ID is PY308300091, your device can not operate DFS channel(s) in North America. As for other regions (such Europe), WNDA3100v2 can detect wireless 5GHz routers running at DFS channels. The non-DFS channels for US are Channel 36-48 and Channel 149-161. The non-DFS channels for Europe are Channel 36 to Channel 48.	0
Why the power led sometimes is green and sometimes is amber?	No, the DST6501 must be plugged directly into the wall power outlet in order for the DST feature to work.	0
Why the power led sometimes is green and sometimes is amber?	Press and hold the button on the bottom for 5 seconds to reset the router to factory default settings.	0
Why the power led sometimes is green and sometimes is amber?	During the installation process (via the web genie interface), the router accesses the NETGEAR web site for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the router user interface also supports auto firmware upgrade. Auto upgrade will check for the latest firmware on the NETGEAR web site every time you log into the router.	0
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100 smart wizard?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode and your PC pops up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	1
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100 smart wizard?	At this time, the EVA700 only support FAT32 file format system. The EVA700 does not support any NTFS formatted USB drives.	0
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100 smart wizard?	R6900 supports 2.4GHz + 256 QAM Wi-Fi. Current market availability does not yet support 256 QAM. When available, R6900 users can take immediate advantage of the speed boost.	0
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100 smart wizard?	See the table below for antenna specifications.	0
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100 smart wizard?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100 smart wizard?	Yes, the Night Vision Camera is compatible with the Outdoor Shell (VZMS2050, sold separately.)	0
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100m smart wizard?	For better user’s experience, NETGEAR Smart Wizard only supports WPS Push Button (either by hardware or software). If you use Win7 or Vista SP2, you can use WCN (Windows Connect Now) or AutoConfig to input AP’s PIN on the adapter GUI while the AP is at un-configured mode; and, your PC will pop up a dialog to ask you to do that after you double click that AP SSID.	1
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100m smart wizard?	We recommend that you use the USB cable and power adapter that came with your Arlo Q camera. Different USB cables or power adaptors might not be able to provide stable or enough power to Arlo Q.	0
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100m smart wizard?	Powerline technology uses the existing home's electrical wires to transfer digital data across different rooms, so that any devices linked to a Powerline adapter can share files, printers, and Internet connections.	0
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100m smart wizard?	After you have successfully setup the WNR2000v3 to connect to the Internet, you can install the Live Parental Control utility using the CD that came with your package.	0
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100m smart wizard?	Using a passcode (private network key), it's possible to have multiple networks in the same building. But, the overall throughput will be shared between the 2 networks.	0
Why there is no wps ap pin or client pin in netgear wna3100m smart wizard?	The antenna gain of these 3 external antennas is  5DBI in 2.4GHz.	0
Why use wna3100 usb adapter?	The WNA3100 is a single band USB adapter that complies with the official 802.11n 2.0 specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz frequency and works with 802.11b/g, and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNA3100 is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 300Mbps with 11n HT40 supporting wireless routers and access points. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop. You can also use the plastic adapter cradle in the package to extend the wireless range of your adapter and obtain better wireless reception.	1
Why use wna3100 usb adapter?	We suggest you check the Link Rate LED is orange or green to gain best performance. If you still see dead spot, move EX7000 closer to the dead spot. Or you can rotate the two antenna to different directions to see if dead spot can be cleared.	0
Why use wna3100 usb adapter?	DM111PSPv2 modems and modem routers are not compatible with AT&T U-verse service, however they can still be used with AT&T DSL and ADSL services.	0
Why use wna3100 usb adapter?	Time Machine is in Mac OS X v10.5 and Mac OS X 10.6 or later software that allows Mac users to backup and restore of their computer. It can keep hourly backups for the past 24 hours, daily backups for the past month, and weekly backups until your backup drive is full. The OS only updates things that have changed so the amount of space taken up is minimized.	0
Why use wna3100 usb adapter?	ReadySHARE USB Storage Access allows you to share the content of a hard disk or memory stick connected to the XAU2511 USB port across your home network.	0
Why use wna3100 usb adapter?	The default IP address of DG834Nv2 is 192.168.0.1.	0
Why use wna3100m usb adapter?	The WNA3100M is a single band USB adapter that complies with the official 802.11n 2.0 specifications. It operates at 2.4GHz frequency and works with 802.11b/g, and 802.11n wireless routers and access points. WNA3100M is capable of supporting wireless speed up to 300Mbps with 11n HT40 supporting wireless routers and access points. The USB dongle form factor makes this product portable and easy to carry with your laptop.	1
Why use wna3100m usb adapter?	16K.	0
Why use wna3100m usb adapter?	Yes, it supports jumbo frames up to 9,216 bytes.	0
Why use wna3100m usb adapter?	"1. ""Efficient"" data throughput over a congested network regardless of speed tier during peak"	0
Why use wna3100m usb adapter?	* [How do I configure local users mode on my ReadyNAS OS 6 storage system?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23151)	0
Why use wna3100m usb adapter?	1. Check if an update is available from the Internet.	0
Why would i use 5 ghz?	Traditional wireless networks (802.11b, 802.11g) use the 2.4 GHz frequency. However this frequency is very crowded as many devices in a typical home use it including Bluetooth, microwave ovens, some cordless phones, and baby monitors. This problem of crowded frequencies is compounded now that WiFi has become very popular, as many neighboring homes / apartments will also have WiFi on 2.4 GHz. The result is slow / inconsistent connections and shared bandwidth. This is particularly a problem when attempted high end applications such as Video Streaming. The 5 GHz frequency is much cleaner, with far less devices using it. And there are much more “channels” to choose from on 5 GHz, so even if many neighbors use 5 GHz, it is very easy to find a channel that no-one is using, and therefore has no interference. NETGEAR’s Dual Band technology uses both 2.4 GHz for backwards compatibility and 5 GHz for low interference networking.	1
Why would i use 5 ghz?	Please reset WiFi Booster back to factory default and setup again.	0
Why would i use 5 ghz?	All of our NETGEAR ReadyNAS devices with two Ethernet ports such as model RN100/200/300/500/700 desktops series and ReadyNAS RN2000/3000/4000 rack-mount series support port aggregation. Other 3rd party storage devices that supports link aggregation will work as well.	0
Why would i use 5 ghz?	1. Log into the modem using the steps above. The NETGEAR genie home screen displays.	0
Why would i use 5 ghz?	[Can I use standard ATX power supply unit to power the ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21395)	0
Why would i use 5 ghz?	Yes, the C6300 supports OpenDNS Live Parental Controls (LPC).	0
Why would i use a mobile hotspot rather than tether from my mobile phone?	The NETGEAR Mobile Hotspot (AC762S) is preferred over tethering for 4 major reasons.	1
Why would i use a mobile hotspot rather than tether from my mobile phone?	The message is popping up due to an error in how the AT&T Unite Pro (AC781S) is recognizing the cradle. Simply dismiss the message and the device will work exactly as you expect.	0
Why would i use a mobile hotspot rather than tether from my mobile phone?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
Why would i use a mobile hotspot rather than tether from my mobile phone?	NETGEAR publishes the open source code on the web site see [NETGEAR open source code for programmers (GPL)](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/2649)	0
Why would i use a mobile hotspot rather than tether from my mobile phone?	The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit. First, locate the small hole between the Ethernet port and the power input (Please refer to the product label). The reset button is located inside this hole. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 7 seconds to bring the unit to factory default settings.	0
Why would i use a mobile hotspot rather than tether from my mobile phone?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Wifi booster cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	* Make sure you have added the WiFi Booster MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	1
Wifi booster cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Wifi booster cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	* For each PL1000 device, press its security button for more than 2 seconds, then release the button and the Power LED starts to blink.	0
Wifi booster cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature of XS708E would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. It is not configurable and enabled by default.	0
Wifi booster cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	You need a base station to connect Arlo Wire-Free cameras. You don't need a base station with Arlo Q cameras. Arlo Q cameras connect directly to your Wi-Fi router.	0
Wifi booster cannot connect to my router. what can i do next step?	a. You can purchase a higher specification model, but all of our security appliances run on specific, unique hardware. Security vendors sometimes sell the exact same hardware across multiple models and upgrades entail removing software caps that limit the hardware’s performance for the lower specification models. NETGEAR ProSECURE doesn’t believe in this approach - NETGEAR ProSECURE believes that you should always get what you pay for – and this is consistent with our philosophy of “No per-user licenses”.	0
Will a netgear wireless extender work with my existing router?	"In general, NETGEAR wireless extenders are ""universal"" extenders. This means that they are compatible with the vast majority of wireless routers on the market, whether purchased separately or provided by an ISP."	1
Will a netgear wireless extender work with my existing router?	The EVA9000 uses the internal hard drive, a network share or USB drive to store some of its settings. This location is user definable and is normally configured during setup. This location can be changed to a different location at any time by choosing the following from the Home menu: More > Supervisor functions > Advanced settings > Media library management > Data save location.	0
Will a netgear wireless extender work with my existing router?	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless devices, the interference is less than 2.4GHz. If you run delay sensitive applications like video or voice, we encourage you run it in 5GHz and you can check “Enable Video Network” to avoid jitter in your wireless network.	0
Will a netgear wireless extender work with my existing router?	The power consumption of XAV2001 is 4 Watts in 110V AC and 5 Watts in 220V AC .	0
Will a netgear wireless extender work with my existing router?	For assistance in securing your wireless network, see [Securing your wireless network using WPA2](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/112)	0
Will a netgear wireless extender work with my existing router?	The R7300 supports multiple drives only if the drive has its own external power supply.	0
Will d6200(b) wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	Yes. D6200(B) Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	1
Will d6200(b) wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	Please follow below steps to configure.	0
Will d6200(b) wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	Wi-Fi Protected Setup (WPS) is a standard for easy and secure establishment of a wireless network. PR2000 doesn’t have physical WPS button, but support software WPS function thru the GUI. Whenever users want to activate WPS process, it is available by visiting www.routerlogin.net when connected to the PR2000 network.	0
Will d6200(b) wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	WNDR3400v3 supports the following wireless securities:	0
Will d6200(b) wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	For C3000, the IP address 192.168.1.* to 192.168.7.* are reserved for guest network. For C3700, the IP address 192.168.1.* to 192.168.7.* and 192.168.21.* to 192.168.27.* are reserved for guest network.	0
Will d6200(b) wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
Will dgn1000 work with my current wireless products?	Yes, it will work with your current wireless products as Wireless-N is backward compatible to older generation Wireless-G. It is recommended that you upgrade your Wireless-G based notebooks and Desktops to Wireless-N by using a Wireless-N Adapter.	1
Will dgn1000 work with my current wireless products?	The remote application on the iPad is only using iTunes as a remote control to play content using the iPad/iPhone. It merely sees the files and can play them just like an external remote control. The actual files are installed on the computer.	0
Will dgn1000 work with my current wireless products?	By using OFDM (orthogonal frequency division multiplexing), we create different interleaved channels or carrier frequencies (up to 1155) that can be transmitted on.	0
Will dgn1000 work with my current wireless products?	Please disable MAC filter on your router temporarily when installing the EX2700. Once you have completed the installation, go to GUI (http://www.mywifiext.net), select the “Attached device” option on the left page and it will show the information which each computer attached to EX2700. Please add all MAC addresses shown on the “Virtual MAC address” column into your router.	0
Will dgn1000 work with my current wireless products?	The D7000 does not come with an installation CD. The D7000 is embedded with NETGEAR genie (Setup Wizard) that guides you through the automatic installation processes, it is easier than CD installation.	0
Will dgn1000 work with my current wireless products?	Aim the remote at the front of the NeoTV 350.	0
Will dgn1000 work with new wireless notebooks?	Yes, many new notebooks are coming with Wireless-N integrated. All these Wireless-N notebooks will connect at higher speeds and offer better range than when connected to your old Wireless-G Router. Look for “a/b/g/n” or “Next-Generation Wireless-N” on your notebook specifications to see if it is a Wireless-N notebook.	1
Will dgn1000 work with new wireless notebooks?	1. NTV550 supports a wide variety of media formats, video and audio codecs, but no player supports all formats/codecs and NTV550 is no exception. To determine the media format and codecs used in a specific media file, browse to the media file from NTV550 and press <Info>, then<Info> again to show the media details. You can also access this information from your PC, by downloading the MediaInfo program (google “MediaInfo”). Scroll down to review the format and codec details.	0
Will dgn1000 work with new wireless notebooks?	[How do I send all logs?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21524)	0
Will dgn1000 work with new wireless notebooks?	"* For superuser access, enter ""MSO"" (all uppercase) for the user name and ""changeme"" (lowercase) for password."	0
Will dgn1000 work with new wireless notebooks?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 15 seconds. You can just push and hold the reset button until you see the power LED is blinking. When that happens, it means the router has restored the factory default configurations and now it's rebooting. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
Will dgn1000 work with new wireless notebooks?	Yes, the Mobile Hotspot is secure.Only users with the Wi-Fi key can connect over Wi-Fi, and Wi-Fi security is pre-set to mixed WPA/WPA2	0
Will dgn3500 work with my current wireless products?	Yes it will work with your current wireless products as Wireless-N is backward compatible to older generation Wireless-G. It is recommended that you upgrade your Wireless-G based notebooks and desktops to Wireless-N by using a Wireless-N Adapter.	1
Will dgn3500 work with my current wireless products?	For 802.11n and 802.11a the default is Up to 130Mbps. To change this to Up to 270Mbps log into the management interface Wireless Settings page and change the mode. For 802.11g the default is Up to 54Mpbs.	0
Will dgn3500 work with my current wireless products?	While channel 2-4 use standard SATA connector, channel 1 uses SFF-8639 connector which supports NVMe drive. NVMe support is experimental. NETGEAR does not support it on RN3138 at this time.	0
Will dgn3500 work with my current wireless products?	"It would be difficult for you to find out the password setting. To resolve this quickly, you can restore the router's configuration to the factory default. This could be done by push and hold the reset button for 15 seconds. You can just push and hold the reset button until you see the power LED is blinking. When that happens, it means the router has restored the factory default configurations and now it's rebooting. With the factory default, the login name is ""admin"" and the password is ""password""."	0
Will dgn3500 work with my current wireless products?	1. Download the zipped firmware	0
Will dgn3500 work with my current wireless products?	DoS is a form of attack on computer network resources. The Auto DoS prevention feature of XS708E would automatically block malicious packets such as source IP equals destination IP. It is not configurable and enabled by default.	0
Will dgn3500 work with new wireless notebooks?	Yes, many new notebooks are coming with Wireless-N integrated. All these Wireless-N notebooks will connect at higher speeds and offer better range than when connected to your old Wireless-G Router. Look for “a/b/g/n” or “Next-Generation Wireless-N” on your notebook specifications to see if it is a Wireless-N notebook.	1
Will dgn3500 work with new wireless notebooks?	AC329U supports up to 21.6Mbps @ Downlink and 5.76Mbps @ uplink. The detail spec as shown below: HSPA+ (21 Mbps), HSUPA (5.76 Mbps), UMTS (384 Kbps), EDGE (237 Kbps), GPRS (85.6 Kbps)	0
Will dgn3500 work with new wireless notebooks?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Will dgn3500 work with new wireless notebooks?	The Digital Entertainer HD works with any TV. The Digital Entertainer HD has connectors for Composite (RCA) video, S-Video, Component Video and HDMI digital HD video and a SCART connector for European TVs. TVs with only an antenna connection can be connected using any widely available RF Modulator.	0
Will dgn3500 work with new wireless notebooks?	" NOTE: Do not upgrade the firmware using a wireless connection. Please perform firmware upgrade with ""wired"" or Ethernet connection only."	0
Will dgn3500 work with new wireless notebooks?	Yes, but there are some limitations. A Windows PC is required for the following functions: Watching or recording Live TV using a PC TV Tuner card; Watching YouTube Videos; Listening or Watching to DRM (Digital Rights Management) protected content.	0
Will internet work on a smart tv that is connected to a powerline using hdmi to ethernet converter?	It may or it may not work. Keep in mind that HDMI is only for video/audio transfer.	1
Will internet work on a smart tv that is connected to a powerline using hdmi to ethernet converter?	The GPL code is on our GPL page.	0
Will internet work on a smart tv that is connected to a powerline using hdmi to ethernet converter?	Both Netflix and VUDU offer high-definition (HD) content. VUDU also provides 1080p HDX content. To play HD content you must:	0
Will internet work on a smart tv that is connected to a powerline using hdmi to ethernet converter?	Yes. You can log on to the genie GUI, then select  ADVANCED >  SETUP >  LAN SETUP. The ”LAN Setup” window will appear, type in your selected device name in the Device Name field.	0
Will internet work on a smart tv that is connected to a powerline using hdmi to ethernet converter?	8 internal antennas adjust to interference and increase the range of your Wireless Router.	0
Will internet work on a smart tv that is connected to a powerline using hdmi to ethernet converter?	The power consumption of XAVB6504 is 4.2 Watts in 110V AC and 5.0 Watts in 240V AC.	0
Will it work with my tv?	The Digital Entertainer HD works with any TV. The Digital Entertainer HD has connectors for Composite (RCA) video, S-Video, Component Video and HDMI digital HD video and a SCART connector for European TVs. TVs with only an antenna connection can be connected using any widely available RF Modulator.	1
Will it work with my tv?	The GS324 has a 3 year warranty. In China and India a 1 year warranty applies.	0
Will it work with my tv?	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default settings as indicated by flashing Power LED (see above LED behavior for details).	0
Will it work with my tv?	The DST will work with wired or wireless routers. The DST6501 adapter needs a router to provide IP addresses to connected devices.	0
Will it work with my tv?	No, the AC762S does not work without a paid data plan. Data plan and the associated SIM card can be purchased from a mobile operator in your area.	0
Will it work with my tv?	The ideal location to place the Extender is half-way between your wireless router and your computer, but the extender MUST be within the wireless range of the wireless router. For more information, see [Where should I place my NETGEAR WiFi range extender?](https://kb.netgear.com/25508/Where-should-I-place-my-NETGEAR-Wi-Fi-range-extender) and [How far should I place my Nighthawk X6S Tri-Band WiFi Range Extender from my router?](https://kb.netgear.com/000045828/How-far-should-I-place-my-Nighthawk-X6S-Tri-Band-WiFi-Range-Extender-from-my-router).	0
Will my mbr1515 router work with any 4g sim card and service plan?	* Works only with a Verizon Wireless 4G LTE service plan subscription.	1
Will my mbr1515 router work with any 4g sim card and service plan?	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
Will my mbr1515 router work with any 4g sim card and service plan?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Will my mbr1515 router work with any 4g sim card and service plan?	Any 802.11n Wireless Router or Access Point from NETGEAR will provide high performance working with WNDA3100. Please make sure to have the latest firmware and drivers for the products.	0
Will my mbr1515 router work with any 4g sim card and service plan?	The R8000 uses 12v-5A power supply. The maximum power draw could be up to 60 watts. However, the usage can be lower due to the number of devices connected to ti and the functionality that is running on the router. Not to mention, the router has many power savings features that can help reduce power consumption such as green power supply, auto-sensing gigabit Ethernet ports, wireless On/Off switch, and wireless scheduling.	0
Will my mbr1515 router work with any 4g sim card and service plan?	 NOTE: Do not update the router firmware using a wireless connection. To update the firmware, connect a computer to the router using a wired Ethernet connection only.	0
Will r6300 wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	Yes. R6300 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	1
Will r6300 wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	There are three built-in connections in this device, the ADSL port, two Ethernet ports, and the N300 (300Mbps) WiFi. That combination is all one needs to get Internet connection via a DSL service, and share that Internet connection with multiple WiFi devices, such as notebook computers, Smartphones, tablets, etc. The Ethernet connector is for devices that do not have built-in WiFi but still need to get on to the Internet.	0
Will r6300 wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	Powerline products need to be used in 'pairs' – at least two in a home. So NETGEAR sells them in pairs, like the XAVB1101 which is a bundle of two XAV1101. However, customers do have the option to add a 3rd or 4th etc device to their network. So for that reason, we sell the single units – XAV1101	0
Will r6300 wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	* For each XAVB5601 devices, press its Security button for >1.5, <5 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
Will r6300 wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	0
Will r6300 wi-fi router be backward compatible with 802.11a/b/g/n?	One unique way ReadyNAS can help businesses is by providing constant access to your secure data from anywhere. Everyone is familiar with cloud solutions hosted on the internet. Consumers use free services from Google, Microsoft, Apple for email, backup, calendaring, etc. But for businesses those solutions can be very expensive. There are also concerns over security and privacy. With ReadyNAS all the data is hosted on your device, but you can access your data through mobile applications or the ReadyCLOUD portal. Each solution will create a secure VPN-like tunnel directly to your ReadyNAS. Now you can access your data with the ease of the cloud without any of the concerns of using a 3rd party to host your data.	0
Will the cradle boost my lte connection?	The DC113A cradle will improve the antenna performance on your connected mobile hotspot by ~5dB. This will be noticeable on your device when the device is in poor to medium signal strength (between 1 and 3 bars, typically). If there is absolutely no signal where you are, the cradle can’t help. Conversely, if the cradle is right next to the cell tower and has full bars, the cradle can’t improve that either. However, if you are somewhere between no signal and full bars, the cradle will definitely improve signal strength.	1
Will the cradle boost my lte connection?	No, if you use an 802.11n wireless adapter to connect to R6220, the maximum connection speed will be the same as connecting to an 802.11n Router. This is due to the maximum link rates in the 802.11n Wi-Fi standard.	0
Will the cradle boost my lte connection?	The limiting factors are attenuation (due to electrical cable quality and long wiring runs) and often noise in your home's electrical system. Since noise is not directly distance-dependant, you may get considerably less (or, in many cases, considerably more) coverage than the 5000 square feet typically listed on the product specification. In general, the higher the speed (14Mbps vs. 85Mbps, 85Mbps vs. 200Mbps, 200 Mbps vs 500 Mbps), the better the coverage, as these technologies have a higher performance to overcome noise and increased attenuation.	0
Will the cradle boost my lte connection?	By default, the PL1000 device and PLW1000 use the same default encryption key so they can automatically connect. To change the default encryption key:	0
Will the cradle boost my lte connection?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Will the cradle boost my lte connection?	DGND3700v2 improves the product features further from the award winning DGND3700v1:	0
Will the cradle increase my data speeds?	In a typical situation where signal strength is improved, the data throughput will also be improved. However, there are many factors and variables impacting data speeds such as amount of traffic on the network, number of people connecting to the same network cell, the type of data you are accessing, etc. So, it also possible that in some circumstances the signal on the device is significantly improved, but the data speeds will remain the same. Most often this is when the network is slow and even the weaker signal is getting maximum throughput.	1
Will the cradle increase my data speeds?	In your home today, you connect multiple PCs and other devices to the network. Many of the same files now need to be routinely accessed by multiple PCs, gaming consoles and other devices connected to the network. Most consumers buy external hard drives to store the content besides the desktop hard drives. But now you can simply plug in your USB external hard drive to the USB port of the router instead of connecting to each and every computer when required. Any device in the network can now read/write simultaneously from the USB hard drive connected to the WNDR3800 at a much higher speed than any competing router in its category.	0
Will the cradle increase my data speeds?	The AirCard Smart Cradle is compatible with AirCard 790S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced II), AirCard 785S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra Pre-Paid 4G My Pocket Wi-Fi Ultimate), AirCard 782S Mobile Hotspot (Telstra / BigPond Wi-Fi 4G Advanced), and any Future NETGEAR AirCard Mobile Hotspots.	0
Will the cradle increase my data speeds?	When using with DHCP connection (ex. Comcast), the Connection Time will be disabled. It is only available on PPPoE type connection, by design.	0
Will the cradle increase my data speeds?	The maximum WiFi clients supported is 32.	0
Will the cradle increase my data speeds?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Will the cradle work when it’s not connected to a power adapter?	Yes, it will continue to improve the device’s antenna performance. However it will not charge the device and the Ethernet connection will not work.	1
Will the cradle work when it’s not connected to a power adapter?	WNCE4004 supports connection of up to 4 Ethernet enabled devices at WiFi speed of 450Mbps on the 2.4GHz band or 450Mbps on the 5GHz band.	0
Will the cradle work when it’s not connected to a power adapter?	Switching ISP has nothing to do with projection. The problem might be due to copyrights protection.	0
Will the cradle work when it’s not connected to a power adapter?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Will the cradle work when it’s not connected to a power adapter?	Other 5GHz channels are DFS channels. There are government radars working in those channels. Without passing DFS certification test, we are not allowed to open those DFS channels. We are doing DFS certification and we can open those channels by releasing new firmware after we get DFS certification in the near future. You DO NOT need to change hardware, but just upgrade the WNDR3800 firmware to the new one which supports DFS channels. However, you still need to make sure your 5GHz wireless adapter can support DFS channels. Otherwise, you still can’t use those channels.	0
Will the cradle work when it’s not connected to a power adapter?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router by an ethernet cable?	No. Universal WiFi Range Extender is designed to work as an AP/client bridge, not an access point. Instead, you can connect a computer to the extender by an Ethernet cable. The proper usage of the product is to wirelessly connect the Extender to the existing router—in this case, the Extender functions as a client. On the other end, wirelessly connect the Extender to the PC—in this case, the Extender functions as an access point.	1
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router by an ethernet cable?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router by an ethernet cable?	Factory reset can be accomplished by holding the hardware reset button for over two seconds or using the software Factory Reset button via the NETGEAR genie app or NETGEAR genie web user interface.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router by an ethernet cable?	Yes! With the free remote access function and an Internet connection, you can access your Stora to view or stream content over any web enabled device anywhere in the world at anytime.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router by an ethernet cable?	NETGEAR WNR2000v2 uses internal antennas. The antennas are already designed to be put in the optimized positions in most environments. We recommend users to let the device stand up using the stand included with the package to achieve the expected performance.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router by an ethernet cable?	The key benefits of beamforming are:	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router with an ethernet cable?	No. Universal WiFi Range Extender is designed to work as an AP/client bridge, not an access point. The proper usage of the product is to wirelessly connect the Extender to the existing router—in this case, the Extender functions as a client. On the other end, wirelessly connect the Extender to the PC—in this case, the Extender functions as an access point.	1
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router with an ethernet cable?	Video and Data are inherently different. While the goal for a data is to maximize the speed and get transferred from Point A to Point B at the shortest possible time, for Video it is more of reducing the packet loss and reducing jitter. While data is usually transferred over a TCP and packets are re-transmitted if dropped, a drop of packet on the video will immediately impact video quality. Hence the Video Enable network automatically switches the router to a Video mode wherein the Video reliability algorithms are used to reduce the packet drops, sustain a steady link rate and reduce aggregation of packets for the best viewing experience. It is recommended to view video using 5GHz network, either by making an additional Video network using multiple SSID capability or by enabling the Video mode in your current 5 GHz.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router with an ethernet cable?	* Check all cables to make sure they are connected properly, and be sure you are using the correct input on your TV.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router with an ethernet cable?	No. We have no plan to support IPSec VPN for iOS/Android.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router with an ethernet cable?	It supports 4 types of QoS service. This includes QoS settings for applications, on line gaming, MAC address and Ethernet LAN Port. The user can configure QoS based the way the product is used to set internet traffic priority for the best efficiency for the user's situation.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the existing router with an ethernet cable?	The router is tri-band, which means that is has three Wi-Fi bands: one 2.4 GHz band and two 5 GHz bands. The router has four external antennas and four internal antennas. The four external antennas are used for one 2.4 GHz Wi-Fi radio and one 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio. The four internal antennas inside the router are used for the second 5 GHz Wi-Fi radio.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the router with an ethernet cable?	It depends on the mode you have selected. The extender is designed to connect wirelessly to the router in “Extender” mode and to connect with an Ethernet cable to the router in “Access Point” (AP) mode.	1
Will the extender work if i connect it to the router with an ethernet cable?	Pick a plug diagnostic feature is a unique technology that allows you to determine how fast your Powerline connection is in between two electrical outlets – simply by looking at a multi-color LED on the front of the device. Green is the fastest possible connection. Yellow indicates a less than optimal connection. Red indicates that you might experience poor performance and should consider moving one of the devices to a different outlet.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the router with an ethernet cable?	Use this method if you have a wireless router, or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the router with an ethernet cable?	This channel change will have a positive improvement to your 5GHz Wi-Fi performance because 5GHz Wi-Fi channels at 149 and above offer better Wi-Fi range and performance.	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the router with an ethernet cable?	This is a current limitation and we'll release future firmware to make it work. On the other	0
Will the extender work if i connect it to the router with an ethernet cable?	The 2 USB ports are USB 2.0 and no difference with both.	0
Will the night vision camera work with the vuezone outdoor shell?	Yes, the Night Vision Camera is compatible with the Outdoor Shell (VZMS2050, sold separately.)	1
Will the night vision camera work with the vuezone outdoor shell?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a PL1200 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
Will the night vision camera work with the vuezone outdoor shell?	Yes, latest version of the Desktop Genie can be downloaded from NETGEAR web site [http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng](http://www.netgear.com/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx?cid=gwmng).	0
Will the night vision camera work with the vuezone outdoor shell?	After you reset the unit to factory default settings, all configuration changes (e.g., password change) will be reset to original factory default values.	0
Will the night vision camera work with the vuezone outdoor shell?	NETGEAR’s unique RANGEMAX technology on WNDR3300 and WNR3500 uses 8 internal smart antennas to provide a better networking experience for customers. First, by placing the antennas internal, not external, there is no risk of breaking them, and nothing for a customer to adjust. Second, with 8 antennas, NETGEAR can combine the signals from multiple antennas to deliver a stronger signal. The result is an attractive, durable, high performance wireless router.	0
Will the night vision camera work with the vuezone outdoor shell?	When you upgrade your ReadyCLOUD account, your users automatically migrate to your MyNETGEAR.com account.	0
Will the plp1200 cover the other socket in my double plug socket wallplate?	Depending on the distance between the 2 plugs the PLP1200 might cover the other socket. In fact the distance from the powerline plug to its edge is 23mm. If the space between the two socket plugs is equal or major than 15mm then you should be able to fit another device beside your powerline.	1
Will the plp1200 cover the other socket in my double plug socket wallplate?	During the installation via the Web genie, the R6400 looks for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the firmware on the GUI also supports auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest firmware on web site every time you login into the GUI. We also recommend installing genie app on your PC/MAC/Smartphone to get an alerts when the new firmware is available.	0
Will the plp1200 cover the other socket in my double plug socket wallplate?	* If WNHD3004 is set as an AP, that means no WNHD3004 bridge or other wireless client is connected	0
Will the plp1200 cover the other socket in my double plug socket wallplate?	No, PL1000 is not compatible with HomePlug 1.0. It is only compatible with HomePlug AV2.0 but can co-exist with HomePlug 1.0 and is backwards compatible to HomePlug AV1.0.	0
Will the plp1200 cover the other socket in my double plug socket wallplate?	1. Make sure your AP is not running legacy B or G. This kind of AP can’t have enough wireless bandwidth to support HD.	0
Will the plp1200 cover the other socket in my double plug socket wallplate?	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	0
Will the product be available worldwide?	Currently, the C6300 Cable Modem Router is only available for retail in the US only.	1
Will the product be available worldwide?	* Please make sure the connected PC/NB or mobile phone is set to DHCP mode or dynamic IP address.	0
Will the product be available worldwide?	Please check the items below for troubleshooting:	0
Will the product be available worldwide?	* [What is the ReadyCLOUD Desktop Client?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/29786)	0
Will the product be available worldwide?	When this happens, please go to Advanced -> Wireless Settings and select “11 b/g/n Mixed mode”. This will provide the best overall performance when there are both b/g and n clients on the network. Note while b/g clients should see better performance, that n clients will see lower performance than if the AP was configured for a pure 11n network.	0
Will the product be available worldwide?	"For homes where electrical outlets are at a premium, we recommend to use ""Pass Thru"" powerline products. The Pass Thru products have a built in power outlet. XAVB2501, XAVB1501, and XAVB5501 are examples of Pass Thru products."	0
Will the products be available worldwide?	Yes all the products will be available worldwide in a phased manner.	1
Will the products be available worldwide?	Dead Spot Terminator. It is the technology that allows the internet signal to travel from the router to the adapter via a home’s electrical system. The standard is called HPAV2.	0
Will the products be available worldwide?	There is a discovery tool called “Config Assistant” in the product CD (you can also download it from the NETGEAR support site). Run this tool from the PC behind the bridge, or a pc behind the router the bridge is connected to, and it will find the WNHDE111 bridges (with their IP addresses) in the network for you. It’s recommended to make a copy of this tool on your PC’s desktop.	0
Will the products be available worldwide?	That means the R6400 does not recognize your USB storage device. It may have interoperability issue. Please try to plug the USB storage device into the other USB port, and see if it works.	0
Will the products be available worldwide?	Yes, it is. It is compatible with all HomePlug AV devices, including NETGEAR XAV101, XAV2001, XAV2101, XAV1101, XAV1004. XAV5001, XAV5501, XAV5004.	0
Will the products be available worldwide?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
Will the top of the powerline 1200 block the ground terminal of the upper outlet of a wall socket if plugged into the lower one?	When plugged into a the lower terminal of vertical two socket wall outlet, the PLP1200 may interfere with some, larger plugs. However, almost all 2 prong plugs and many 3 prong plugs will still fit.	1
Will the top of the powerline 1200 block the ground terminal of the upper outlet of a wall socket if plugged into the lower one?	Make sure that the Password (Network Key) you entered on your wireless device is correct, and power cycle the EX3700 and your router. If your device is still not able to get the IP address:	0
Will the top of the powerline 1200 block the ground terminal of the upper outlet of a wall socket if plugged into the lower one?	"The ""Wireless Association"" technology being used by BT Home Hub 2 is different from the WPS of the NETGEAR extender. BT Home Hub 2's ""Wireless Association"" button is not for WiFi WPS, but for the association with a DECT phone. If you are using a BT Home Hub 3, it does have a ""Wireless WPS"" button. However, WPS was disabled by default on BT Home Hub 3. For more information, please visit this link [https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533](https://community.bt.com/t5/Other-Broadband-Queries/BT-Home-Hub-3-WPS-Not-available/td-p/544533)."	0
Will the top of the powerline 1200 block the ground terminal of the upper outlet of a wall socket if plugged into the lower one?	If your device is connected to a 10/100 Mbps Fast Ethernet LAN port on the router, the LAN port lights amber to show that it connected at a slower speed than what is supported by the router. If your device has a Gigabit Ethernet port, the LAN port lights white.	0
Will the top of the powerline 1200 block the ground terminal of the upper outlet of a wall socket if plugged into the lower one?	* LED indication	0
Will the top of the powerline 1200 block the ground terminal of the upper outlet of a wall socket if plugged into the lower one?	 POWER         Off                                                                          No power is supplied to the device	0
Will this channel change impact my 5ghz wi-fi performance?	This channel change will have a positive improvement to your 5GHz Wi-Fi performance because 5GHz Wi-Fi channels at 149 and above offer better Wi-Fi range and performance.	1
Will this channel change impact my 5ghz wi-fi performance?	If you are connecting to the 5 GHz network, Intel Wireless Display will not work. Intel Wireless Display is compatible with any 2.4 GHz WiFi Router. If your router supports both 2.4 and 5 GHz, connect the laptop to the 2.4 GHz wireless network.	0
Will this channel change impact my 5ghz wi-fi performance?	The WNHDB3004 is the industry’s first 4x4 MIMO solution, 4 transmitters and 4 receivers. In addition, the WiFi technologies below made it possible to increase its range and provides resiliency and reliability of streaming Video over Wireless:	0
Will this channel change impact my 5ghz wi-fi performance?	Before you start your DSL installation:	0
Will this channel change impact my 5ghz wi-fi performance?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Will this channel change impact my 5ghz wi-fi performance?	[Can I attach a USB 2.0 Hub to ReadyNAS USB Port?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21524)	0
Will this work with mac and linux systems?	Yes, but there are some limitations. A Windows PC is required for the following functions: Watching or recording Live TV using a PC TV Tuner card; Watching YouTube Videos; Listening or Watching to DRM (Digital Rights Management) protected content.	1
Will this work with mac and linux systems?	Powerline adapters allows you to turn any electrical power outlet into a high-speed Internet and home network connection. Each Powerline network requires at least two Powerline adapters, although more can be added. The standard is called HPAV2.	0
Will this work with mac and linux systems?	1. NTV550 supports a variety of parental controls. To activate parental controls, go to Settings -> Parental controls, and set the Supervisor PIN. Once the PIN is set, the parental controls you can configure on this page are active. Note that the PIN is also required for accessing the settings.	0
Will this work with mac and linux systems?	The IR allows the NeoTV PRIME remote control to change the volume and channels of your Cable/Satellite set top box.	0
Will this work with mac and linux systems?	D500 provides a simplified version of repeater function. It connects to its uplink router like a client connects to a router. Below are the steps:	0
Will this work with mac and linux systems?	AFM735          100BASE-FX      NETGEAR SFP Multimode LC Transceiver    Yes                 No	0
Will this work with new wireless notebooks?	Yes, many new notebooks are coming with Wireless-N integrated. All these Wireless-N notebooks will connect at higher speeds and offer better range than when connected to your old Wireless-G Router. Look for “a/b/g/n” or “Next-Generation Wireless-N” on your notebook specifications to see if it is a Wireless-N notebook.	1
Will this work with new wireless notebooks?	There are really 4 different types of PLC products that have been or are sold by NETGEAR today:	0
Will this work with new wireless notebooks?	Yes, R6220 Wi-Fi Router is backwards compatible with legacy Wi-Fi standards.	0
Will this work with new wireless notebooks?	It’s not recommend using WPA-PSK or WEP for wireless security setting; instead users should always use WPA2-PSK for the best wireless security. WPA2-PSK mode has higher throughput performance than WPA-PSK.	0
Will this work with new wireless notebooks?	There is no limitation in terms of HDD capacity that can be connected, we have tested up to 4TB HDD capacity.	0
Will this work with new wireless notebooks?	* WNDR3800 only support “GUID Partition Table” and “Master Boot Record” in partition table format. It does not support “Apple Partition Map” format. Work-around: Change partition map to Master Boot record format.	0
Will this work with the wireless devices connected to my wireless-g router?	Yes, Wireless-N router technology is backwards-compatible to work with Wireless-G adapters, so the DGN2200will work with your current wireless devices. However, for the best performance, you should upgrade your devices to a Wireless-N Adapter.	1
Will this work with the wireless devices connected to my wireless-g router?	The C6300 supports up to 16 downstream and 4 upstream channels.	0
Will this work with the wireless devices connected to my wireless-g router?	Not at this time.	0
Will this work with the wireless devices connected to my wireless-g router?	Environmental factors, Operational overhead, differences between different transport standards (UDP vs. TCP vs. WFT) and the way each standard optimizes the data overhead (typically for error handling).	0
Will this work with the wireless devices connected to my wireless-g router?	VDSL is Very high bit-rate DSL and is compliant with ITU G.993.1 (VDSL) and G.993.2 (VDSL2). The maximum Downstream/Upstream speed for VDSL2 is 100Mbps/100Mbps. ADSL is Asymmetric DSL which is compliant with G.992.x and has a slower and asymmetric maximum Downstream/Upstream speed of 24Mbps/1Mbps.	0
Will this work with the wireless devices connected to my wireless-g router?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Windows domain and active directory:	[How do I change the file and folder permission on the ReadyNAS that is attached to domain controller?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21506)	1
Windows domain and active directory:	WNDR3400v3 came with configured SSID and Passphrase. Users do not need to configure the wireless SSID and passphrase to set security. The SSID and Passphrase are printed on the back of the router.	0
Windows domain and active directory:	The fastest performance is with 150 Mbps, however this uses the 40 MHz frequency and may interfere with other wireless devices in the 2.4 GHz band such as other 802.11 equipment. To avoid this, you can set the router to work in the same 20 MHz bandwidth as 801.11b/g equipment, which reduces its maximum performance to 65 Mbps.	0
Windows domain and active directory:	Simultaneous Dual Band Routers support two separate Wi-Fi networks simultaneously using both 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz frequency bands. It not only doubles the available bandwidth but also allows for a more reliable dedicated Wi-Fi network for video and gaming (5GHz) to be created. When connecting multiple devices, having two separate wireless networks avoids over-crowding and interference and allows more flexibility to make the best possible connection.	0
Windows domain and active directory:	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Windows domain and active directory:	The resolution of the Night Vision Camera is the same during normal light or at night.	0
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	If you use 11n wireless adapters to connect with R6200, the maximum connection speed is the same as to connect with 11n wireless router. For example, by 1x1 11n wireless adapter, you could get maximum 150Mbps link rate, and by 2x2 or 3x3 11n wireless adapter, the maximum link rate is 300Mbps. The 11n wireless adapter does not have 11ac link rate with 11n router.	1
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	"You can use a web browser and type the URL: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) the login name is ""admin"" (without the double quotes) and the password is ""password"" (without the double quotes)."	0
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	Use this method if you have a wireless router or modem router with a WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup™) Push 'N' Connect button:	0
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	"1. Use an object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the ""Reset"" button, for at least five seconds."	0
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	By default setting, EX6200 use the same password as your home network. You need log into the router to get the password. If you change EX6200's password during Smart Setup, EX6200 don't have interface to let you view the password. Thus we suggest you redo the EX6200 Smart Setup to configure EX6200 again.	0
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6200v2 smart  wi-fi  router have higher link rate than 802.11n router?	Please check the following:	0
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6250 smart wi-fi router have better performance than 802.11n router?	If you use 11n wireless adapters to connect with R6250, the maximum connection speed is the same as to connect with 11n wireless router. For example, by 1x1 11n wireless adapter, you could get maximum 150Mbps link rate, and by 2x2 or 3x3 11n wireless adapter, the maximum link rate is 300Mbps at 2.4GHz. We recommend using 11ac Wi-Fi capable wireless adapters to use with R6250; such as NETGEAR A6200 wireless adapter.	1
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6250 smart wi-fi router have better performance than 802.11n router?	[Can I attach a tape drive to ReadyNAS?](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/21373)	0
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6250 smart wi-fi router have better performance than 802.11n router?	Yes. By default the router will check for newer firmware every day (4 AM local time) and install it if available. The time and frequency can be updated in the settings.	0
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6250 smart wi-fi router have better performance than 802.11n router?	The router has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6250 smart wi-fi router have better performance than 802.11n router?	The best distance is within 12 feet (about 3 meters). Also, ensure the Push2TV is in a clear line of sight from the PC.	0
With 802.11n wireless adapter, does r6250 smart wi-fi router have better performance than 802.11n router?	HomePlug 1.0 specification allows for speeds up to 14 Mbit/s. HomePlug AV specification allows for speeds up to 200 Mbits/s, with some Homeplug AV devices using a proprietary extension increasing this to 500 Mbits/s. Also HomePlug AV powerline networks can exist in the same household as a HomePlug 1.0 powerline network, but they cannot communicate with each other.	0
With wndap350 does wireless bridging use 11n data rates?	Yes, WNDAP350 can support 11n data rates over WDS links with other compatible ProSAFE Wireless-N Access Points.	1
With wndap350 does wireless bridging use 11n data rates?	There are 2 antennas used by NETGEAR WNR2000v2. Both transmit and receive function uses up to 2 antennas.	0
With wndap350 does wireless bridging use 11n data rates?	XAV5001,XAV5501,XAV5004.	0
With wndap350 does wireless bridging use 11n data rates?	Place your Arlo camera within 300 feet of your Wi-Fi router. This distance can vary depending on obstacles such as concrete or stucco walls, metallic barriers, or Wi-Fi interference.	0
With wndap350 does wireless bridging use 11n data rates?	"We only support 2 user accounts - admin and guest. The password of ""admin"" is the same as your password for web GUI login, the default password of it is ""password"". There is no password for ""guest"" account."	0
With wndap350 does wireless bridging use 11n data rates?	Yes, however, it will not pass the data via the USB cable, only charge. Also, typically a PC USB port will not provide sufficient charge to get full functionality of the cradle, so it is not recommended.	0
Within the eva8000 menus, are there any color balance or black/white level controls?	No, these settings are controlled on the TV.	1
Within the eva8000 menus, are there any color balance or black/white level controls?	The R6400 has SPI firewall built-in but it cannot be customized. It cannot be enabled or disabled because it is not available even in the UI.	0
Within the eva8000 menus, are there any color balance or black/white level controls?	NTV550 can play YouTube videos in the H.264 format (i.e., videos labeled “HD” or “High Quality” by YouTube). Some YouTube videos are in the older, FLV/Sorenson format. NTV550 can play these latter videos only via assistance from NeoTV for Windows software, running on a PC. If NTV550 can locate a Windows PC running NeoTV for Windows, it will play the FLV/Sorenson videos via live transcoding. If aPC cannot be found, you will see an error message when attempting to play these videos. Note that many “Recently Added” videos are initially in the FLV/Sorenson format, until they are converted by the YouTube web site and made available in H.264 HQ and HD formats.	0
Within the eva8000 menus, are there any color balance or black/white level controls?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX3700. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX3700. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router.	0
Within the eva8000 menus, are there any color balance or black/white level controls?	The resolution of the Night Vision Camera is the same during normal light or at night.	0
Within the eva8000 menus, are there any color balance or black/white level controls?	The user can either press the Factory Reset button 1 second and then release it, or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR Powerline configuration utility.	0
Wn2000rpt cannot connect to my router. what can i do?	* Make sure you have added the WN2000RPT MAC address to your router if your router has MAC filter (ACL) on it.	1
Wn2000rpt cannot connect to my router. what can i do?	The D6200(B) does not come with an install CD. It comes with an application called genie that will help configure the router.	0
Wn2000rpt cannot connect to my router. what can i do?	Yes. WNR2500 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
Wn2000rpt cannot connect to my router. what can i do?	1. NTV550 supports a variety of parental controls. To activate parental controls, go to Settings -> Parental controls, and set the Supervisor PIN. Once the PIN is set, the parental controls you can configure on this page are active. Note that the PIN is also required for accessing the settings.	0
Wn2000rpt cannot connect to my router. what can i do?	Many ISPs are routinely putting limits on bandwidth usage. You can now monitor how much traffic both upload and download you use on a daily, weekly and monthly basis and even set customized alerts if you are close to a certain threshold.	0
Wn2000rpt cannot connect to my router. what can i do?	You can enable the XWN5001 power saving mode function by using the web-genie.	0
Wn31000rp cannot connect to my router wifi network. what can i do next step?	* Move WN31000RP closer to your router.	1
Wn31000rp cannot connect to my router wifi network. what can i do next step?	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Wn31000rp cannot connect to my router wifi network. what can i do next step?	Try increasing the Streaming Buffer Size (under Performance settings) to 64000 or greater to help improve the video streaming performance.	0
Wn31000rp cannot connect to my router wifi network. what can i do next step?	For assistance in finding or changing your wireless network password, see [Find or change the Wi-Fi password for your NETGEAR router](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23439)	0
Wn31000rp cannot connect to my router wifi network. what can i do next step?	You can use a web browser to access the unit and change its settings. You can access it in one of two ways from a web browser: [http://192.168.0.1](http://192.168.0.1) or [http://routerlogin.net](http://routerlogin.net). The login name is “admin” (without the double quotes) and the password is “password” (without the double quotes).	0
Wn31000rp cannot connect to my router wifi network. what can i do next step?	The wireless device MAC address is translated to another MAC address when the wireless device connects to the EX6100. If your router MAC filter is enabled, the wireless device will not be able to get the IP address from the EX6100. To allow this wireless device to access the Internet, you must add the translated MAC address into the router. To get the translated MAC address:	0
Wn31000rp is now connected to my router wifi network, but the browser is not automatically hijacking and redirecting to the wn3100rp's configuration page?	* Make sure the client is connected directly connected to WN3100RP, not through the router.	1
Wn31000rp is now connected to my router wifi network, but the browser is not automatically hijacking and redirecting to the wn3100rp's configuration page?	Yes. R6300 Wi-Fi Router will be backward compatible with legacy standards.	0
Wn31000rp is now connected to my router wifi network, but the browser is not automatically hijacking and redirecting to the wn3100rp's configuration page?	The NeoTV PRIME is running a high performance CPU which causes more heat to be generated while streaming video. This is a normal part of its operation, and the unit has passed all the required thermal testing.	0
Wn31000rp is now connected to my router wifi network, but the browser is not automatically hijacking and redirecting to the wn3100rp's configuration page?	Yes, the EVA8000 can play ISO or IFO structured files. While DVD style “menus” won’t play all the content can be accessed, and each IFO or ISO will only be shown once in the media list. Also, the EVA8000 can only playback ISO/IFO/VOBs which are not CSS protected.	0
Wn31000rp is now connected to my router wifi network, but the browser is not automatically hijacking and redirecting to the wn3100rp's configuration page?	"* ""Green"": The link rate is higher than 80 Mbps."	0
Wn31000rp is now connected to my router wifi network, but the browser is not automatically hijacking and redirecting to the wn3100rp's configuration page?	The factory reset button is located next to the Ethernet port of the CMD31T. Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 5-10 seconds to bring the unit to its factory default settings.	0
Wps can be enabled using 2 options:	PIN (Personal Identification Number) - PIN has to be taken either from a sticker label or from the web interface of the WPS device. This PIN will then be entered in the AP or client WPS device to connect.	1
Wps can be enabled using 2 options:	1. Make sure you have the latest firmware on your WN2000RPT.	0
Wps can be enabled using 2 options:	WNDR3400v3 is a CD-less installation. Just go to [www.routerlogin.com](www.routerlogin.com) or [www.routerlogin.net](www.routerlogin.net) or [http://192.168.1.1](http://192.168.1.1/) and run the setup wizard or manually configure the router for Internet connection.	0
Wps can be enabled using 2 options:	This is normal. The 5GHz radio coverage is less than 2.4GHz because of its physical characteristics. However, less people use 5GHz wireless device, the interference is less than 2.4GHz.	0
Wps can be enabled using 2 options:	The technology is based on the HomePlug standard, an industry consortium ensuing the compatibility and interoperability of Powerline devices from multiple manufacturers.	0
Wps can be enabled using 2 options:	VDSL is Very high bit-rate DSL and is compliant with ITU G.993.1 (VDSL) and G.993.2 (VDSL2). The maximum Downstream/Upstream speed for VDSL2 is 100Mbps/100Mbps. ADSL is Asymmetric DSL which is compliant with G.992.x and has a slower and asymmetric maximum Downstream/Upstream speed of 24Mbps/1Mbps.	0
Wps led                            description	Off                                         When there is no WPS activity, WPS failure, or when security is set to None.	1
Wps led                            description	Yes. It supports Google Chrome browser, Flash and HTML5 to offer full access to the Web.	0
Wps led                            description	To reset your device to factory settings, on your screen navigate to Setup/System and select Factory Default.	0
Wps led                            description	Yes. This device does support IPv6. There is option in the GUI to choose LAN side IPv6 mode. By default IPv6 mode is set to auto-config which supports majority of the IPv6 capable devices. If you choose DHCPv6, some of your devices may not be able to support IPv6.	0
Wps led                            description	Yes.	0
Wps led                            description	The maximum power consumption of XAV1101 is 3 Watts.	0
"You advertise ""up to 200mbps"" on your products, but only include a 10/100mbps fast ethernet port? what gives?"	Fast Ethernet is full-duplex, so a port can transmit and receive simultaneously. Consequently, if a Fast-Ethernet port is performing at its maximum throughput (e.g. sending and receiving) it can operate near it's theoretical maximum – 200Mbps.	1
"You advertise ""up to 200mbps"" on your products, but only include a 10/100mbps fast ethernet port? what gives?"	ReadySHARE Print lets you connect a USB printer to the router's USB port, and access it wired and wirelessly. To set up ReadySHARE Print:	0
"You advertise ""up to 200mbps"" on your products, but only include a 10/100mbps fast ethernet port? what gives?"	In most cases, the meters (yours and neighbor one) will attenuate sufficiently the signal (by 30 dB each) to make it not accessible outside your home or apartment.	0
"You advertise ""up to 200mbps"" on your products, but only include a 10/100mbps fast ethernet port? what gives?"	"The factory reset button is located on the rear panel of the unit and marked with ""RESET"". Use a paperclip or sharp object to press and hold for about 7 seconds to bring the unit to factory default settings."	0
"You advertise ""up to 200mbps"" on your products, but only include a 10/100mbps fast ethernet port? what gives?"	If the No Signal icon displays on either the LCD or the hotspot web page, the hotspot is in a zero coverage area and is not connected to the mobile broadband network. Make sure that you are in Sprint LTE coverage.	0
"You advertise ""up to 200mbps"" on your products, but only include a 10/100mbps fast ethernet port? what gives?"	Use a small pin to press the reset button for 1 second to reset the router. Press the reset button for 5 seconds to trigger a reset to factory default.	0
You can access your usb device in any of the following ways:	* On Mac OS X (version 10.2 or later), enter smb://readyshare in the address bar.	1
You can access your usb device in any of the following ways:	Yes. The switch On/Off is only affecting the networking part. The Pass through socket will still provide power for the devices plugged in.	0
You can access your usb device in any of the following ways:	 You can only use HDMI for the PTV3000.	0
You can access your usb device in any of the following ways:	During installation via the Web genie, WNR2500 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it.	0
You can access your usb device in any of the following ways:	The user can either press the Reset button for 2 seconds or click the Factory Reset button on the NETGEAR XAVB5501 Configuration utility.	0
You can access your usb device in any of the following ways:	First, make sure that your computer is set up to use DHCP (most are). Second, make sure that both the router link LED and the client link LED are lit and you have a valid IP address. Finally, relaunch the browser, and enter [www.mywifiext.net](http://kb.netgear.com/euf/rightnow/optimized/1387047160/themes/standard/www.mywifiext.net).	0
Youtube videos are not playing	NTV550 can play YouTube videos in the H.264 format (i.e., videos labeled “HD” or “High Quality” by YouTube). Some YouTube videos are in the older, FLV/Sorenson format. NTV550 can play these latter videos only via assistance from NeoTV for Windows software, running on a PC. If NTV550 can locate a Windows PC running NeoTV for Windows, it will play the FLV/Sorenson videos via live transcoding. If aPC cannot be found, you will see an error message when attempting to play these videos. Note that many “Recently Added” videos are initially in the FLV/Sorenson format, until they are converted by the YouTube web site and made available in H.264 HQ and HD formats.	1
Youtube videos are not playing	a. Yes, the STMxxxM (Software Maintenance & Upgrades, 24/7 Support, & Advanced Replacement Subscription) is an integral part of the NETGEAR ProSECURE experience and includes:	0
Youtube videos are not playing	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
Youtube videos are not playing	password	0
Youtube videos are not playing	RN3138 eSATA ports are provided by Marvell PCIe SATA 3 controller 88SE9170. The eSATA device compatibility is therefore determined by Marvell controller.	0
Youtube videos are not playing	If you can log into the router, you can go to Setup > Wireless Settings page to view the current password of the wireless network.	0
 do i have to register my device in order for it to work?]()	No; your device will work even if you do not register, but you will not be able to open a support ticket with our technical support team unless you register. If you have not registered, you can still download firmware updates and manuals, and search the technical knowledge base, on the NETGEAR support website : [http://support.netgear.com](http://support.netgear.com)	1
 do i have to register my device in order for it to work?]()	If user uses 11n wireless adapters to connect with the D6200(B), the max connection speed of D6200(B) will be the same as the max connection speed of 11n wireless adapters which were used. This is because 11n wireless adapters cannot link at 11ac mode. To connect at 11ac speeds user needs a device that is 11ac WIFI capable like the A6200 Wi-Fi adapter.	0
 do i have to register my device in order for it to work?]()	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
 do i have to register my device in order for it to work?]()	Here are some approaches you can try.	0
 do i have to register my device in order for it to work?]()	Yes it will work with your current wireless products as Wireless-N is backward compatible to older generation Wireless-G. It is recommended that you upgrade your Wireless-G based notebooks and desktops to Wireless-N by using a Wireless-N Adapter.	0
 do i have to register my device in order for it to work?]()	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality, and performance of your product. The most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues and potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
() can i change the router login username to something other than admin?	No, the router login username cannot be changed. Only the admin password can be changed.	1
() can i change the router login username to something other than admin?	The D6400 gives you the same Internet access as the device provided to you by the service provider. The difference is that D6400 has better WiFi design specification than most Gateway Routers provided to you by Service Providers, significantly more features such NETGEAR genie, an app for easy network monitoring, management and parental control.	0
() can i change the router login username to something other than admin?	Power strip, surge protectors, UPS and extension cords filter out some or the entire high frequency signal used in powerline communications. Connecting a XAVB1101 to one of these devices can greatly reduce the data rate of transfers or even block communications entirely.	0
() can i change the router login username to something other than admin?	During installation via the Web genie, EX7000 looks on the web for the latest firmware and automatically installs it. In addition, the FW on the GUI also support auto firmware upgrade. The firmware will check the latest FW on web site every time when you login the GUI.	0
() can i change the router login username to something other than admin?	The initial graphics driver that shipped with the vendor laptops(version 8.15.10.1995) has a known issue where the video will flicker. This has been fixed by the graphics team in the later builds. Please download latest graphics driver update from the laptop vendors web site.	0
() can i change the router login username to something other than admin?	Before activating the license, ensure that the ProSECURE product is connected to the internet. Refer to the product reference manual if you require assistance with configuring your internet connection.	0
() how do i find or change my wireless network password?	For assistance in finding or changing your wireless network password, see [Find or change the Wi-Fi password for your NETGEAR router](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/23439)	1
() how do i find or change my wireless network password?	Yes, you can install the latest [Genie](http://www.netgear.ie/home/discover/apps/genie.aspx) on your PC and manage the powerline from the 'Network map' section	0
() how do i find or change my wireless network password?	* Use a sharp object such as a pen or a paper clip to press and hold the Restore Factory Settings button, located on the bottom of the router, for over 5 seconds until the Power LED turns to blinking amber.	0
() how do i find or change my wireless network password?	Yes, you will be able to access content on the PC via both the Intel Media Server and the Intel Viiv Zone. However, without a Viiv router, you will be unable to use your Intel Viiv PC to easily connect the Digital Entertainer to your network wirelessly. In this case, you must enter wireless network parameters manually. Please see the User Guide for instructions.	0
() how do i find or change my wireless network password?	Yes, it is fully certified by HomePlug laboratory.	0
() how do i find or change my wireless network password?	That means  NIGHTHAWK X4S R7800 ROUTER does not recognize your USB storage. It may have an interoperability issue. If you plug USB storage before router power on, please re-test again, but this time please plug USB storage after router is system ready (Power LED is in white color), and see if it works.	0
() how do i physically connect my router?	1. Remove any cables connecting the modem to the computer. Plug in the modem power adapter and check the power light to ensure the modem is on.	1
() how do i physically connect my router?	No, If you need support for a downloaded application you need to go to the person or company that created the application.	0
() how do i physically connect my router?	No, DM200 only allows you to use VDSL/ADSL port as a WAN port.	0
() how do i physically connect my router?	No, your D6000 does not support VDSL or VDSL services like CenturyLink VDSL.	0
() how do i physically connect my router?	Press and hold reset button on the rear panel of the modem (there is a small hole on the right side of the ADSL connector, use a pointed object) for 1 second to reset the modem.	0
() how do i physically connect my router?	The maximum possible throughput is 175 Mbps. Real performance may significantly vary depending on the distance between the devices, the quality of the cabling and other factors.	0
() how do i secure my network?	For assistance in securing your wireless network, see [Securing your wireless network using WPA2](http://kb.netgear.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/112)	1
() how do i secure my network?	The resource CD came with the product will provide a step by step instructions on how to install the adapter on your computer. The NETGEAR Smart Wizard (genie) utility or Vista/Win7’s AutoConfig (XP’s Zero Configuration ) will allow you to configure the wireless adapter once the product is installed on your computer. If you need more instructions on how to install and configure the product, please refer to the Quick Installation Guide that comes with in the box or User Reference manual on the Resource CD or NETGEAR website for more information.	0
() how do i secure my network?	"If after repositioning the WN3100RP, one of the Arrow LED is still blinking, then it means you did not succeed to position the Extender in an ""ideal"" location where it would give the best performance."	0
() how do i secure my network?	* D6200(B) supports FAT, FAT32, NTFS, ext2, and ext3 filesystem. If your USB drive filesystem is not in the support list, D6200(B) cannot recognize this. Please format your USB drive to FAT32 or NTFS.	0
() how do i secure my network?	 The distance (200 feet) from the existing router is too far, thinking that there is also interference. Using a wireless powerline adapter is another option.	0
() how do i secure my network?	If you are using composite cables, you may find it difficult to view text and some graphics. You should be able to view videos fairly well though. HD TV is commended for the best viewing experience.	0
btrfs-cleaner] at 100% after upgrade	If [btrfs-cleaner] gets stuck at 100% after upgrade, this is likely due to the ReadyNAS performing a quota check. As mentioned previously, the ReadyNAS may take some time doing a quota check. This quota check should only run once after upgrading as long as it is able to complete successfully. Rebooting your chassis might cause the quota check to restart from the beginning. Please allow it some time to finish. Also, btrfs-cleaner is commonly invoked after Smart Snapshot Management prunes older snapshots. ReadyNAS commonly prunes older snapshots based on its snapshot schedule. If your ReadyNAS is restarting btrfs-cleaner every time you restart and consuming 100% CPU endlessly, or if the device is not behaving as notated here, please contact [NETGEAR Support](http://support.netgear.com/general/contact/)	1
btrfs-cleaner] at 100% after upgrade	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
btrfs-cleaner] at 100% after upgrade	The power consumption of XAVB6504 is 4.2 Watts in 110V AC and 5.0 Watts in 240V AC.	0
btrfs-cleaner] at 100% after upgrade	There are total of 4 1Gb Ethernet ports. All support WOL. These ports can also be bonded together.	0
btrfs-cleaner] at 100% after upgrade	Having the latest firmware will help increase the stability, functionality and performance of your product. The new and most up-to-date firmware will likely correct issues as well as potentially add new and improved features to the product.	0
btrfs-cleaner] at 100% after upgrade	The XAV101 Configuration utility supports firmware upgrades. Connect your PC to one of the XAV101 devices and run the XAV101 Configuration utility. You can upgrade all of the XAV101 devices in you home through the device.	0
prosafe plus utilityを起動すると「http request error」と表示されます。	お使いのPCで「インターネット接続の共有」を有効にしている場合は、以下の通り無効に変更してください。	1
prosafe plus utilityを起動すると「http request error」と表示されます。	* For each XAVB5501 devices, press its Security button for more than 2 seconds then release the button and LED starts to blink.	0
prosafe plus utilityを起動すると「http request error」と表示されます。	Centrino WiFi link 5300 supports HT40 and HT20 from Channel 1~11, but only supports HT20 at Channel 12 and 13.	0
prosafe plus utilityを起動すると「http request error」と表示されます。	The DGND3700 does not have debug functions and there is no way of accessing it via command line.	0
prosafe plus utilityを起動すると「http request error」と表示されます。	The switch running PV(R)STP transmits IEEE standard spanning tree BPDUs along with SSTP BPDUs. SSTP BPDUs are PV(R)STP dedicated BPDUs.	0
prosafe plus utilityを起動すると「http request error」と表示されます。	M6100 Chassis Switch supports third-party DAC passive and active cables, as long as they are SFP+ MSA compliant.	0
